{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff1\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Calibri;}}\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd
\pard\li0\ri0\fi0\f1\fs22
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Abdollahi, A.\line %A Talib, M. A.\line %A Yaacob, S. N.\line %A Ismail, Z.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Problem-solving skills appraisal mediates hardiness and suicidal ideation among malaysian undergraduate students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B PLoS One\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 10\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P e0122222\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20150401\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Problem-solving skills appraisal mediates hardiness and suicidal ideation among malaysian undergraduate students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1932-6203\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1371/journal.pone.0122222\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC4382337\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 25830229\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Malaysia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Problem Solving\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self Concept\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*prevention & control/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVES: Recent evidence suggests that suicidal ideation is increased among university students, it is essential to increase our knowledge concerning the etiology of suicidal ideation among university students. This study was conducted to examine the relationships between problem-solving skills appraisal, hardiness, and suicidal ideation among university students. In addition, this study was conducted to examine problem-solving skills appraisal (including the three components of problem-solving confidence, approach-avoidance style, and personal control of emotion) as a potential mediator between hardiness and suicidal ideation. METHODS: The participants consisted of 500 undergraduate students from Malaysian public universities. RESULTS: Structural Equation Modelling (SEM) estimated that undergraduate students with lower hardiness, poor problem-solving confidence, external personal control of emotion, and avoiding style was associated with higher suicidal ideation. Problem-solving skills appraisal (including the three components of problem-solving confidence, approach-avoidance style, and personal control of emotion) partially mediated the relationship between hardiness and suicidal ideation. CONCLUSION: These findings underline the importance of studying mediating processes that explain how hardiness affects suicidal ideation.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1932-6203\par }
{\f1\fs22 Abdollahi, Abbas\par }
{\f1\fs22 Talib, Mansor Abu\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yaacob, Siti Nor\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ismail, Zanariah\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2015/04/02\par }
{\f1\fs22 PLoS One. 2015 Apr 1;10(4):e0122222. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0122222. eCollection 2015.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4382337/pdf/pone.0122222.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2875153245/Abdollahi-2015-Problem-solving skills appraisa.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Faculty of Human Ecology, Universiti Putra Malaysia, Serdang, 43400, Selangor, Malaysia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family, Adolescent and Child Research Center of Excellent (FACE), Faculty of Human Ecology, Universiti Putra Malaysia, 43400, Selangor, Malaysia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Thesis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Agelopoulos, Angela\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2009\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T In good company: Building resiliency while building relationships in female adolescents with bulimia\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I ProQuest Information & Learning\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 70\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1379-1379\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! In good company: Building resiliency while building relationships in female adolescents with bulimia\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2009-99160-335\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K resiliency building\par }
{\f1\fs22 relationship building\par }
{\f1\fs22 female adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 bulimia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Human Females\par }
{\f1\fs22 Interpersonal Communication\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Relational aggression (RA), which includes interpersonally manipulative behaviors, has become increasingly prevalent. Outcomes of RA have been linked to numerous psychological difficulties, including bulimia nervosa. Aggressors and victims of RA, as well as individuals with bulimia have limited emotional regulation strategies and skills to cope when angry, as well as difficulties in relationships. These same individuals continue to maintain deficits in having strategies to cope, which may later lead to self-destructive bulimic behaviors. Although there are existing treatments for the bulimia, these treatments fail to incorporate components on how to navigate incidents of RA into their programs. There is a need to incorporate this component into the already established treatments for bulimia. The objective of this dissertation is to increase females' resiliency against bulimia by increasing skills in interpersonal communications and affect regulation, while specifically addressing difficulties with RA. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 2009-99160-335. Other Journal Title: Dissertation Abstracts International. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Agelopoulos, Angela; The Chicago School of Professional Psychology, US. Release Date: 20091123. Publication Type: Dissertation Abstract (0400). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Dissertation. Dissertation Number: AAI3347683. ISBN: 978-1-109-02863-8. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Bulimia; Human Females; Interpersonal Communication; Resilience (Psychological). Classification: Social Psychology (3000). Population: Human (10); Female (40). Age Group: Adolescence (13-17 yrs) (200). Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. Page Count: 1.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2009-99160-335&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Agyemang, D. O.\line %A Madden, E. F.\line %A English, K.\line %A Venner, K. L.\line %A Handy, R.\line %A Singh, T. P.\line %A Qeadan, F.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The mediation and moderation effect of social support on the relationship between opioid misuse and suicide attempts among native American youth in New Mexico: 2009-2019 Youth Risk Resiliency Survey (NM-YRRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B BMC Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 22\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 243\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20220405\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Apr 5\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The mediation and moderation effect of social support on the relationship between opioid misuse and suicide attempts among native American youth in New Mexico: 2009-2019 Youth Risk Resiliency Survey (NM-YRRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1471-244x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1186/s12888-022-03900-8\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 K.L.V. has a financial conflict of interest management plan through the UNM due to providing consultation and training of evidence-based treatments for addiction for fee. The remaining authors declare that they have no conflicts of interest with respect to the authorship and/or publication of this paper.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC8985366\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 35382787\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 American Indians or Alaska Natives\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 New Mexico/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Opioid-Related Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide, Attempted\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Suicide attempt and opioid misuse continue to be major behavioral health challenges among American Indians and Alaska Natives (AI/AN). The aim of the study is to evaluate the mediating and moderating role that social support (SS) plays in their association among AI/AN high-school students in New Mexico (NM). METHODS: An aggregated NM Youth Resiliency and Risk Survey (NM-YRRS, 2009-2019: odd years) dataset was used. Multivariable logistic regression modeling and mediation analysis were conducted while adjusting for confounding variables. RESULTS: Overall, 12.0 and 14.0% of AI/AN students reported opioid misuse and suicide attempt, respectively. The adjusted odds ratio of suicide attempt in students with high SS relative to low SS who misused opioids was 0.43 (p-value\u8201?=\u8201?0.007). The effect of high SS relative to low SS among males who misused opioids was more pronounced (AOR\u8201?=\u8201?0.24, p-value <\u8201?0.0001) compared to females (AOR\u8201?=\u8201?0.43, p-value\u8201?=\u8201?0.007). Relative to low SS, high SS was protective for suicide attempt among AI/AN students who misused opioids and attended school in off-reservation (AOR\u8201?=\u8201?0.42, p-value\u8201?=\u8201?0.012) communities, rural communities (AOR\u8201?=\u8201?0.44, p\u8201?=\u8201?0.040), and in communities that are both rural and off-reservation (AOR\u8201?=\u8201?0.39, p\u8201?=\u8201?0.035). Overall, 23.64, and 41.05% of the association between opioid misuse, and suicide attempt was mediated and moderated by SS, respectively. The mediation effect of SS was lowest for rural, on-reservation schools. CONCLUSION: More resources need to be allocated to rural on-reservation schools to enhance social support. The study highlights key insights into the significant role SS plays in promoting health and mitigating the association between opioid misuse and suicide attempt.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1471-244x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Agyemang, Daniel Opoku\par }
{\f1\fs22 Madden, Erin Fanning\par }
{\f1\fs22 English, Kevin\par }
{\f1\fs22 Venner, Kamilla L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Handy, Rod\par }
{\f1\fs22 Singh, Tejinder Pal\par }
{\f1\fs22 Qeadan, Fares\par }
{\f1\fs22 R61 DA049382/DA/NIDA NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 2022/04/07\par }
{\f1\fs22 BMC Psychiatry. 2022 Apr 5;22(1):243. doi: 10.1186/s12888-022-03900-8.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8985366/pdf/12888_2022_Article_3900.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2002467885/Agyemang-2022-The mediation and moderation eff.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Family and Preventive Medicine, University of Utah School of Medicine, Salt Lake City, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Family Medicine and Public Health Sciences, Wayne State University, Detroit, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Albuquerque Area Southwest Tribal Epidemiology Center, Santa Fe, NM, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Center on Alcohol, Substance use, And Addiction (CASAA), University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Parkinson School of Health Sciences and Public Health, Loyola University Chicago, Maywood, IL, US, United States. fqeadan@luc.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Aizpurua, E.\line %A Caravaca-S\u225?nchez, F.\line %A Taliaferro, L. A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Suicidality Among College Students in Spain: Prevalence and Associations With Substance Use, Social Support, and Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Death Stud\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 46\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 8\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 2025-2030\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20210308\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Suicidality Among College Students in Spain: Prevalence and Associations With Substance Use, Social Support, and Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0748-1187\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/07481187.2021.1888823\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 33683175\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prevalence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Spain/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Substance-Related Disorders/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Few studies have examined protective factors associated with reduced risk of suicidality among college students. We sought to address gaps in the literature by conducting a cross-sectional survey of 636 college students from a public university in Spain. We assessed substance use, social support, resilience, severity of suicidal ideation and suicide attempts. Twenty percent of students reported low severity and 27% reported high severity suicidal ideation, while 5% reported attempting suicide during the past year. Higher levels of social support represented a protective factor associated with reduced risk of suicidal ideation and suicide attempts.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1091-7683\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aizpurua, Eva\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0001-7045-5535\par }
{\f1\fs22 Caravaca-S\u225?nchez, Francisco\par }
{\f1\fs22 Taliaferro, Lindsay A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/03/09\par }
{\f1\fs22 Death Stud. 2022;46(8):2025-2030. doi: 10.1080/07481187.2021.1888823. Epub 2021 Mar 8.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ European Social Survey ERIC, City, University of London, London, United Kingdom.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Law, Trinity College Dublin, Dublin, Ireland.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Area of Social Work and Social Services, Almer\u237?a University, Almer\u237?a, Spain.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Population Health Sciences, College of Medicine, University of Central Florida, Orlando, Florida, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Aloba, O.\line %A Eyiolawi, D.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Correlates of hopelessness in clinically stable nigerian adults with sickle cell disease\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Niger J Clin Pract\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 23\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 219-225\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Correlates of hopelessness in clinically stable nigerian adults with sickle cell disease\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1119-3077 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.4103/njcp.njcp_119_19\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 None\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 32031097\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Anemia, Sickle Cell/complications/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/etiology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depressive Disorder/etiology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nigeria\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatric Status Rating Scales\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychometrics/methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Self Concept\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Anxiety\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nigerian adults\par }
{\f1\fs22 depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 hopelessness\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 sickle cell disease\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVE: Hopelessness is the most significant predictor of suicide among the clinical and nonclinical populations. The aim of this study is to examine the correlates and predictors of hopelessness among Nigerian adults with sickle cell disease (SCD). SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Adopting a convenience sampling technique, 123 clinically stable SCD adult patients were selected from three hematological centers in Southwestern Nigeria. They completed a sociodemographic and illness-related questionnaire in addition to the Beck Hopelessness Scale (BHS), the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), the 10-item Connor-Davidson Resilience Scale (CDRISC-10), and the Sickle Cell Self-Efficacy Scale (SCSES). The relationship between hopelessness and the other study variables was examined using correlational analysis (Spearman's rho). The extent of the variance these measures contributed to the score on the BHS was evaluated applying hierarchical regression analysis. The level of statistical significance was set at P value less than 0.05. RESULTS: The mean age (years) of the participants was 25.38 \u177? 6.73 years. There were 68 (55.3%) females. The mean BHS score was 2.89 \u177? 3.30. Hopelessness had modest negative correlations with hemoglobin concentration (r = -0.366, P < 0.001), resilience (r = -0.483, P < 0.001), and self-efficacy (r = -0.318, P < 0.001), while modest positive correlations were observed with the HADS-Anxiety (r = 0.351, P < 0.001) and Depression (r = 0.530, P < 0.001) subscales. The hemoglobin concentration, resilience, and depression were the main predictors of hopelessness. CONCLUSION: Hopelessness among clinically stable Nigerian adults with SCD is significantly influenced by hemoglobin concentration and psychological variables (resilience and depression). These variables can serve as templates for the development of health promotion strategies (medical and psychological) aimed specifically at the amelioration of the severity of hopelessness within this population.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Aloba, O\par }
{\f1\fs22 Eyiolawi, D\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 India\par }
{\f1\fs22 2020/02/08\par }
{\f1\fs22 Niger J Clin Pract. 2020 Feb;23(2):219-225. doi: 10.4103/njcp.njcp_119_19.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.njcponline.com/article.asp?issn=1119-3077;year=2020;volume=23;issue=2;spage=219;epage=225;aulast=Aloba\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Mental Health, Obafemi Awolowo University Teaching Hospital, Ile-Ife, Osun State, Nigeria.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Clinical Psychology, Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife,Osun State, Nigeria.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Andrew, E.\line %A Williams, J.\line %A Waters, C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Dialectical Behaviour Therapy and attachment: vehicles for the development of resilience in young people leaving the care system\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Clin Child Psychol Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 19\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 503-15\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20131117\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Oct\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Dialectical Behaviour Therapy and attachment: vehicles for the development of resilience in young people leaving the care system\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1359-1045\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1177/1359104513508964\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 24249838\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Behavior Therapy/*methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Foster Home Care/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health Services\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Object Attachment\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dialectical Behaviour Therapy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dyadic Developmental Psychotherapy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Foster care\par }
{\f1\fs22 Looked After Children\par }
{\f1\fs22 attachment\par }
{\f1\fs22 care leavers\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X It is well recognised that Looked After Children (LAC) and Young People Leaving Care (YPLC) have complex mental health needs and often engage in self-destructive behaviours such as self-harm, drug and alcohol use and suicide attempts. They can experience a high level of instability in relationships and frequently live transient lifestyles. Traditional mental health services for children, young people and adults have been unable to meet the attachment needs of this particular group such that they rarely benefit from therapeutic interventions and remain in a constant state of emotional dysregulation. This article describes the way in which two distinct therapeutic models - Dyadic Developmental Psychotherapy and Dialectical Behaviour Therapy - have been interwoven in order to engage and captivate young people leaving care in a therapeutic relationship. This relationship can then be used to help build skills to increase their resilience as they enter adulthood.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1461-7021\par }
{\f1\fs22 Andrew, Elizabeth\par }
{\f1\fs22 Williams, Jessica\par }
{\f1\fs22 Waters, Cerith\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2013/11/20\par }
{\f1\fs22 Clin Child Psychol Psychiatry. 2014 Oct;19(4):503-15. doi: 10.1177/1359104513508964. Epub 2013 Nov 17.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1177/1359104513508964\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3354826890/ClinChildPsycholPsychiatry-2013-Andrew-1359104.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Aneurin Bevan University Health Board, Gwent, UK Action for Children, Pontypool, UK lizandrew77@gmail.com.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Action for Children, Pontypool, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Psychology, Cardiff University, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Andrew, Elizabeth\line %A Williams, Jessica\line %A Waters, Cerith\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Dialectical behaviour therapy and attachment: Vehicles for the development of resilience in young people leaving the care system\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Clinical Child Psychology and Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 19\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 503-515\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Dialectical behaviour therapy and attachment: Vehicles for the development of resilience in young people leaving the care system\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1359-1045\par }
{\f1\fs22 1461-7021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1177/1359104513508964\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2014-41004-003\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Foster care\par }
{\f1\fs22 Looked After Children\par }
{\f1\fs22 care leavers\par }
{\f1\fs22 mental health services\par }
{\f1\fs22 attachment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dyadic Developmental Psychotherapy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dialectical Behaviour Therapy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Behavior Therapy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Foster Home Care\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Object Attachment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Attachment Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychotherapy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dialectical Behavior Therapy\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X It is well recognised that Looked After Children (LAC) and Young People Leaving Care (YPLC) have complex mental health needs and often engage in self-destructive behaviours such as self-harm, drug and alcohol use and suicide attempts. They can experience a high level of instability in relationships and frequently live transient lifestyles. Traditional mental health services for children, young people and adults have been unable to meet the attachment needs of this particular group such that they rarely benefit from therapeutic interventions and remain in a constant state of emotional dysregulation. This article describes the way in which two distinct therapeutic models\u8212?Dyadic Developmental Psychotherapy and Dialectical Behaviour Therapy\u8212?have been interwoven in order to engage and captivate young people leaving care in a therapeutic relationship. This relationship can then be used to help build skills to increase their resilience as they enter adulthood. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Aneurin Bevan University Health Board, Gwent, United Kingdom. Release Date: 20150817. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Attachment Behavior; Mental Health; Psychotherapy; Resilience (Psychological); Dialectical Behavior Therapy. Minor Descriptor: Foster Care. Classification: Psychotherapy & Psychotherapeutic Counseling (3310). Population: Human (10). References Available: Y. Page Count: 13. Issue Publication Date: Oct, 2014. Copyright Statement: The Author(s). 2013.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2014-41004-003&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 lizandrew77@gmail.com\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Andrew, Elizabeth, Skills For Living, Action for Children, Woodlands, Mamhillad Park Estate, Pontypool, United Kingdom, NP4 0HZ\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Avendano, M.\line %A Moustgaard, H.\line %A Martikainen, P.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Are some populations resilient to recessions? Economic fluctuations and mortality during a period of economic decline and recovery in Finland\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Eur J Epidemiol\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 32\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 77-85\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20161011\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jan\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Are some populations resilient to recessions? Economic fluctuations and mortality during a period of economic decline and recovery in Finland\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0393-2990 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0393-2990\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1007/s10654-016-0152-8\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 CONFLICT OF INTEREST: The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest. ETHICAL APPROVAL: The present study is based on retrospective analysis of registry data. For this type of study formal consent is not required.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC5331077\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 27730407\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cardiovascular Diseases/*mortality\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Economic Recession\par }
{\f1\fs22 Employment/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Finland/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mortality/*trends\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Unemployment/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Economic recession\par }
{\f1\fs22 Educational status\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mortality\par }
{\f1\fs22 Registries\par }
{\f1\fs22 Unemployment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X This paper uses individual-level longitudinal data on working-age Finns to examine the health effects of economic fluctuations during a period of economic decline (1989-1996) and recovery (1997-2007) in Finland. We used a nationally representative, longitudinal sample formed by linking population, employment and mortality registers (n\u160?=\u160?698,484; 7,719,870 person-years). We implemented a region fixed-effect model that exploits within-regional variations over time in the unemployment rate to identify the effect of economic fluctuations on mortality, controlling for individual employment transitions. Unemployment rates increased from 5.2\u160?% in 1989 to 19.8\u160?% in 1996, declining gradually thereafter and reaching 9.7\u160?% in 2007. Results indicate that these large fluctuations in the economy had no impact on the overall mortality of most working age Finns. The exception was highly educated men, who experienced an increase of 7\u160?% (Rate ratio\u160?=\u160?1.07, 95\u160?% confidence interval 1.04, 1.10) for every one-point increase in the regional unemployment rate during the period 1989-1996 due to increased mortality from cardiovascular disease and suicide. This increase, however, was not robust in models that used the employment to population ratio as measure of the economy. Unemployment rates were unrelated to mortality among females, lower educated men, and among any group during economic recovery (1997-2007). For most Finns, we found no consistent evidence of changes in mortality in response to contractions or expansions in the economy. Possible explanations include the weak impact of the recession on wages, as well as the generous unemployment insurance and social benefit system in Finland.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1573-7284\par }
{\f1\fs22 Avendano, Mauricio\par }
{\f1\fs22 Moustgaard, Heta\par }
{\f1\fs22 Martikainen, Pekka\par }
{\f1\fs22 R01 AG037398/AG/NIA NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 R01 AG040248/AG/NIA NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 2016/10/13\par }
{\f1\fs22 Eur J Epidemiol. 2017 Jan;32(1):77-85. doi: 10.1007/s10654-016-0152-8. Epub 2016 Oct 11.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5331077/pdf/10654_2016_Article_152.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3340276784/Avendano-2017-Are some populations resilient t.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Global Health & Social Medicine, King's College London, East Wing, Strand Campus, Strand, London, WC2R 2LS, UK. mauricio.avendano_pabon@kcl.ac.uk.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department Social and Behavioral Sciences, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public health, Boston, MA, USA. mauricio.avendano_pabon@kcl.ac.uk.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Population Research Unit, Department of Social Research, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Centre for Health Equity Studies (CHESS), Stockholms Universitet and Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm, Sweden.\par }
{\f1\fs22 The Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research, Rostock, Germany.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Bartone, P. T.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2013\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T A new taxonomy for understanding factors leading to suicide in the military\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Int J Emerg Ment Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 15\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 299-305\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! A new taxonomy for understanding factors leading to suicide in the military\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1522-4821 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1522-4821\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 24707592\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Models, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Occupational Diseases/etiology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X In the years since 2005, suicides among U.S. military personnel have risen dramatically, and continue to rise despite significant leadership attention to suicide awareness and prevention. Prevention efforts have proven unsuccessful, perhaps because they have focused on associated factors, rather than the underlying more fundamental contributing ones. Current suicide prevention and education programs in the military address the symptoms, while ignoring the underlying problem. This paper presents a new taxonomy for organizing and thinking about the multitude of factors associated with suicide in the military. We distinguish four sets of factors associated with suicide: (1) Formative factors are the long-term, fundamental causative factors in suicide, contributing to alienation and powerlessness; (2) Background factors are associated with suicide, but are not clearly causative, as for example age and sex; (3) Precipitating factors are the near-term causative factors, acute stressful events that can plunge the individual into sudden despair, such as a broken marriage; (4) Enabling factors are those that facilitate the act of suicide, but are not underlying causes. This includes for example alcohol and drugs, and easy access to weapons. To succeed, efforts to prevent suicide in the military should be directed to the formative factors. A model is presented in which military-specific formative factors are shown to contribute to alienation and powerlessness, key factors that can lead to suicide. Drawing from the hardiness model of resilience, some recommendations are provided for building up the sense of commitment (vs. alienation) and control (vs. powerlessness) in military personnel as a strategy for reducing suicide.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Bartone, Paul T\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2013/01/01\par }
{\f1\fs22 Int J Emerg Ment Health. 2013;15(4):299-305.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Ba\u351?ar, Koray\line %A \u214?z, G\u246?khan\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2016\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Cinsiyetinden Ho\u351?nutsuzlu\u287?u Olan Bireylerde Psikolojik Dayan\u305?kl\u305?l\u305?k: Alg\u305?lanan Sosyal Destek ve Ayr\u305?mc\u305?l\u305?k ile \u304?li\u351?kisi = Resilience in individuals with gender dysphoria: Association with perceived social support and discrimination\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B T\u252?rk Psikiyatri Dergisi\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 27\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 225-234\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Win 2016\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Cinsiyetinden Ho\u351?nutsuzlu\u287?u Olan Bireylerde Psikolojik Dayan\u305?kl\u305?l\u305?k: Alg\u305?lanan Sosyal Destek ve Ayr\u305?mc\u305?l\u305?k ile \u304?li\u351?kisi = Resilience in individuals with gender dysphoria: Association with perceived social support and discrimination\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1300-2163\par }
{\f1\fs22 2651-3463\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2017-05420-001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Gender dysphoria\par }
{\f1\fs22 social support\par }
{\f1\fs22 discrimination\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adaptation, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prevalence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychometrics\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Discrimination\par }
{\f1\fs22 Socioeconomic Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Transgender Persons\par }
{\f1\fs22 Turkey\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Human Sex Differences\par }
{\f1\fs22 Major Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Objective: Psychological distress associated with discrimination is proposed to have an indirect effect on the development of mental disorders, through its negative influence on individual\u8217?s cognitive, affective and social coping strategies. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between resilience, perceived social support, and perceived discrimination in individuals with gender dysphoria. Method: Individuals with gender dysphoria were assessed with Turkish validated forms of Resilience Scale for Adults (RSA), Multidimensional Scale of Perceived Social Support (MSPSS), Perceived Discrimination Scale (PDS), and Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). Diagnoses of mental disorders, history of suicide attempt and non-suicidal self injury were assessed with clinical interviews. Self-report forms were used to obtain demographic information and gender transition related features. Results: Participants\u8217? (n = 116, 88 trans men) median age was 25. Significantly low RSA scores, indicating poor resilience, were obtained in participants with lifetime (59.5 %) and present (27.6%) diagnosis of any mental disorder, history of suicide attempt (23.3%). There was significant direct correlation between RSA and MSPSS scores, inverse correlation with BDI and personal PDS scores, but not with group PDS. Regression analysis revealed that only friends domain score in MSPSS predicted better resilience, whereas personal perceived discrimination score predicted poor resilience. Conclusion: Findings support the association between poor resilience and vulnerability to mental and behavioral problems in individuals with gender dysphoria. The associations reveal the significance of addressing discrimination and assisting individuals with gender dysphoria in developing strategies to obtain peer support in providing mental health services. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ama\u231?: Ayr\u305?mc\u305?l\u305?kla ili\u351?kili stresin ki\u351?inin bili\u351?sel, duygusal ve sosyal ba\u351?a \u231?\u305?kma stratejilerinin geli\u351?imini etkileyerek ruhsal bozukluklar\u305?n ortaya \u231?\u305?kmas\u305?na dolayl\u305? etkileri oldu\u287?u \u246?ne s\u252?r\u252?lmektedir. Bu \u231?al\u305?\u351?mada cinsiyetinden ho\u351?nutsuzlu\u287?u olan bireylerde psikolojik dayan\u305?kl\u305?l\u305?kla, alg\u305?lanan ayr\u305?mc\u305?l\u305?k ve sosyal destek aras\u305?ndaki ili\u351?kinin incelenmesi ama\u231?lanm\u305?\u351?t\u305?r. Y\u246?ntem: Cinsiyetinden ho\u351?nutsuzlu\u287?u olan bireyler Yeti\u351?kinler \u304?\u231?in Psikolojik Dayan\u305?kl\u305?l\u305?k (Y\u304?D\u214?), \u199?ok Boyutlu Alg\u305?lanan Sosyal Destek (\u199?BASD\u214?), Alg\u305?lanan Ayr\u305?mc\u305?l\u305?k (AA\u214?) \u214?l\u231?ekleri ve Beck Depresyon Envanteri (BDE) ile de\u287?erlendirilmi\u351?tir. Ruhsal bozukluklar ve \u246?zk\u305?y\u305?m \u246?yk\u252?s\u252? klinik g\u246?r\u252?\u351?meyle de\u287?erlendirilmi\u351?, demografik ve cinsiyet ge\u231?i- \u351?i ile ilgili \u246?zellikler \u246?zbildirim formlar\u305?yla kaydedilmi\u351?tir. Bulgular: Kat\u305?l\u305?mc\u305?lar\u305?n (n = 116, 88\u8217?i trans erkek) ortanca ya\u351?\u305? 25\u8217?ti. Ya\u351?am boyu (%59,5) ve halen (%27.6) ruhsal bozukluk tan\u305?s\u305? konulan, \u246?zk\u305?y\u305?m giri\u351?imi \u246?yk\u252?s\u252? olanlarda (%23.3) Y\u304?D\u214? puanlar\u305?, daha zay\u305?f psikolojik dayan\u305?kl\u305?l\u305?\u287?a kar\u351?\u305?l\u305?k gelecek \u351?ekilde, anlaml\u305? d\u252?zeyde d\u252?\u351?\u252?k bulunmu\u351?tur. Y\u304?D\u214? puanlar\u305?, \u199?BASD\u214? puanlar\u305?yla olumlu, BDE, bireysel AA\u214? puanlar\u305? ile ters ili\u351?kili bulunmu\u351?, gruba y\u246?nelik AA\u214? puanlar\u305? ile ili\u351?ki saptanmam\u305?\u351?t\u305?r. Regresyon analiziyle \u199?BASD\u214? arkada\u351? deste\u287?i puanlar\u305?n\u305?n daha y\u252?ksek, bireysel AA\u214? puan\u305?n\u305?n d\u252?\u351?\u252?k Y\u304?D\u214? puanlar\u305?n\u305? yordad\u305?\u287?\u305? g\u246?sterilmi\u351?tir. Sonu\u231?: Bulgular zay\u305?f psikolojik dayan\u305?kl\u305?l\u305?kla ruhsal ve davran\u305?\u351?sal sorunlar aras\u305?nda ili\u351?ki oldu\u287?u g\u246?r\u252?\u351?\u252?n\u252? do\u287?rulam\u305?\u351?t\u305?r. Ruh sa\u287?l\u305?\u287?\u305? \u231?al\u305?\u351?anlar\u305?n\u305?n, cinsiyetinden ho\u351?nutsuzlu\u287?u olan bireylerde ayr\u305?mc\u305?l\u305?\u287?\u305? ele almas\u305? gerekmektedir. Bunun yan\u305? s\u305?ra bulgular daha y\u252?ksek akran deste\u287?i sa\u287?lamak \u252?zere stratejiler geli\u351?tirilmesinin desteklenmesinin \u246?nemini g\u246?stermektedir. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Ruh Sagligi ve Hastaliklari AD., Hacettepe Univ., Tip Fak., Ankara, Turkey. Release Date: 20170316. Correction Date: 20211118. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Print. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: TurkishMajor Descriptor: Human Sex Differences; Major Depression; Resilience (Psychological); Social Discrimination; Social Support. Classification: Affective Disorders (3211). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300). Tests & Measures: Resilience Scale for Adults-Turkish Version; Perceived Discrimination Scale; Beck Depression Inventory DOI: 10.1037/t00741-000; Multidimensional Scale of Perceived Social Support\u8212?Military Peers Items Addition DOI: 10.1037/t03506-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Interview; Quantitative Study. Page Count: 10. Issue Publication Date: Win 2016.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2017-05420-001&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 kbasar@hacettepe.edu.tr\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1721650456/BasarKTPD.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Ba\u351?ar, Koray\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Book Section\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Bayat, Mojdeh\line %A Schuntermann, Peter\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2013\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Enhancing resilience in families of children with autism spectrum disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 %E Becvar, Dorothy S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Handbook of family resilience.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %C New York, NY\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I Springer Science + Business Media\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 409-424\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Enhancing resilience in families of children with autism spectrum disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 978-1-4614-3799-4\par }
{\f1\fs22 978-1-4614-3917-2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1007/978-1-4614-3917-2_23\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2012-25734-023\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K autism spectrum disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 family resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 lifestyle issues\par }
{\f1\fs22 intervention\par }
{\f1\fs22 Autism Spectrum Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lifestyle Changes\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Childhood Development\par }
{\f1\fs22 Clinical Practice\par }
{\f1\fs22 Disabilities\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family Intervention\par }
{\f1\fs22 Neurodevelopmental Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Among the variety of developmental and physical disabilities that have been studied, certain of these have been known to affect families more (drastically) than others. Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is such a disability. In the current Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, the term ASDs is used to describe five related neurodevelopmental disorders contained within the diagnostic classification of pervasive developmental disorders (PDD). That is, ASD is an umbrella term that refers to a range of disorders affecting multiple areas of development: social-emotional development, communication, sensory processing, cognition, and behavioral domains. The highly variable manifestations of autism can range from a nonverbal child with severe cognitive impairment and aggression or self-injurious behaviors to a college student with above-average intelligence and a successful academic and work record. Because autism influences various areas of development, families of children with autism are faced with a unique set of stressors related to a variety of dysfunctions and behavioral characteristics, unlike families of children with other disabilities that face only one or two specific dysfunctions. In fact, the issues faced by families of children with autism remain constant even in those families who have children with high-functioning autism (HFA), where the degree of dysfunctions is mild. In this chapter we describe the concept of family resilience as it relates to families of children with ASD by first presenting contemporary and lifecycle issues in these families, then describing the factors of resilience in families of children with ASD, and finally making recommendations for practice. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 2012-25734-023. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Bayat, Mojdeh; College of Education, DePaul University, Chicago, IL, US. Release Date: 20121022. Correction Date: 20200928. Publication Type: Book (0200), Edited Book (0280). Format Covered: Print. Document Type: Chapter. Book Type: Handbook/Manual. ISBN: 978-1-4614-3799-4, ISBN Hardcover; 978-1-4614-3917-2, ISBN PDF. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Autism Spectrum Disorders; Family; Lifestyle Changes; Resilience (Psychological). Minor Descriptor: Childhood Development; Clinical Practice; Disabilities; Family Intervention; Neurodevelopmental Disorders. Classification: Developmental Disorders & Autism (3250). Population: Human (10). Age Group: Childhood (birth-12 yrs) (100); Adolescence (13-17 yrs) (200); Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300). Intended Audience: Psychology: Professional & Research (PS). References Available: Y. Page Count: 16.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2012-25734-023&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 mbayat@depaul.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-1-4614-3917-2_23\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Bayat, Mojdeh, College of Education, DePaul University, Chicago, IL, US\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Bekhet, Abir K.\line %A Garnier-Villarreal, Mauricio\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Depression, positive thinking, personal and social resourcefulness among caregivers of persons with autism spectrum disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Archives of Psychiatric Nursing\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 32\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 6\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 823-827\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Depression, positive thinking, personal and social resourcefulness among caregivers of persons with autism spectrum disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0883-9417\par }
{\f1\fs22 1532-8228\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.apnu.2018.06.006\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2018-60672-010\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K autism spectrum disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 caregiver resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 depressive symptoms\par }
{\f1\fs22 positive thinking\par }
{\f1\fs22 resourcefulness\par }
{\f1\fs22 autistic children\par }
{\f1\fs22 meaning\par }
{\f1\fs22 family connectedness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Autism Spectrum Disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 Caregivers\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Optimism\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Positivism\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Creativity\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family Relations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Major Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pediatrics\par }
{\f1\fs22 Thinking\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X One in sixty-eight children are affected by autism spectrum disorders (ASD). The impacts on caregivers of having a child with an ASD are multifaceted and pervasive. Caregivers of Persons with ASD are more prone to depression as compared with parents who have normally developed children. Yet some caregivers of persons with ASD develop resilience and report that caregiving results in an enhanced sense of meaning, empowerment, acceptance, and family connectedness. This study investigated the mediating effects of positive thinking, using the positive thinking skills scale, on personal and social resourcefulness among caregivers of persons with ASD. The results of the study indicated that depression has a negative correlation with positive thinking, personal, and social resourcefulness in this sample of 109 caregivers of persons with ASD. The results of the study, are similar, in part with the results of the study conducted by Yang and Colleagues that showed that resourcefulness correlated significantly and negatively with both depressive symptoms and self-harm behaviors in adolescents (Yang, Lai, Yen, Hsu, & Zauszniewski, 2017). Also, consistent with the results of the study conducted by Musil and colleagues that indicated that fewer depressive symptoms were significantly associated with greater subjective support and higher resourcefulness in grandchildren (Musil et al., 2017). The results of the current study also indicated that depression has an effect on personal resourcefulness through positive thinking. In other words, positive thinking has mediating effects on personal resourcefulness. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Marquette University College of Nursing, Milwaukee, WI, US. Release Date: 20200305. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishGrant Information: Bekhet, Abir K. Major Descriptor: Autism Spectrum Disorders; Caregivers; Meaning; Positivism; Resilience (Psychological). Minor Descriptor: Creativity; Family Relations; Major Depression; Pediatrics; Thinking. Classification: Home Care & Hospice (3375). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300); Young Adulthood (18-29 yrs) (320); Thirties (30-39 yrs) (340); Middle Age (40-64 yrs) (360). Tests & Measures: Resourcefulness Scale; Positive Thinking Skills Scale DOI: 10.1037/t27891-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. Page Count: 5. Issue Publication Date: Dec, 2018. Publication History: Accepted Date: Jun 2, 2018; Revised Date: Apr 25, 2018; First Submitted Date: Dec 30, 2017. Copyright Statement: All rights reserved. Elsevier Inc. 2018.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: Sponsor name not included. Other Details: Way Klinger Young Scholar Award. Recipients: Bekhet, Abir K.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2018-60672-010&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0002-2951-6647\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0001-7174-7054\par }
{\f1\fs22 abir.bekhet@marquette.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 https://www.psychiatricnursing.org/article/S0883-9417(18)30057-8/fulltext\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Bekhet, Abir K., Marquette University College of Nursing, Clark Hall 530 N. 16th Street, Milwaukee, WI, US, 53233\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Benau, Erik M.\line %A Jenkins, Abigail L.\line %A Conner, Bradley T.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Perceived parental monitoring and sexual orientation moderate lifetime acts of non-suicidal self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Archives of Suicide Research\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 21\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 322-340\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Perceived parental monitoring and sexual orientation moderate lifetime acts of non-suicidal self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1381-1118\par }
{\f1\fs22 1543-6136\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/13811118.2016.1182092\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2017-14653-008\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K bisexuality\par }
{\f1\fs22 college students\par }
{\f1\fs22 family relationships\par }
{\f1\fs22 LGB\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family Relations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Monitoring\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sexual Orientation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Parents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Being non-heterosexual, particularly bisexual, is associated with high rates of engagement in NSSI amongst young adults. The goal of the present study was to determine if parenting practices, specifically parental monitoring, and sexual orientation moderate engagement with NSSI. Undergraduates (N = 1,353) completed a survey on sexual orientation, non-suicidal self-injury (NSSI) acts, and multiple aspects of perceived parental monitoring during high school. Moderation analyses revealed that most facets of parental monitoring were similarly negatively correlated with NSSI for both individuals whose sexual orientation where nearly, or entirely, gay and heterosexual youth. Youth who were neither exclusively heterosexual nor exclusively gay (mixed sexual orientation) reported the most NSSI acts, and no facet of parental monitoring predicted reduced NSSI acts for this group. While previous literature shows that many aspects of parental monitoring may be protective against engagement in health risk behaviors, the present study adds to these findings that similar aspects are negatively associated with self-injurious behavior for some, but not all, individuals. More research is needed to better understand the causes of increased NSSI for individuals with a mixed sexual orientation. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Department of Behavioral and Social Sciences, University of the Sciences, Philadelphia, PA, US. Other Publishers: Springer. Release Date: 20170615. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Family Relations; Monitoring; Resilience (Psychological); Self-Injurious Behavior; Sexual Orientation. Minor Descriptor: Parents. Classification: Behavior Disorders & Antisocial Behavior (3230). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: US. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300). Tests & Measures: Sexual Orientation Scale; Parental Monitoring Scale-Modified Version; Parental Knowledge Scale; Parental Solicitation Measure; Parental Control Measure; Parental Disapproval Measure; Parental Punishment Measure; Form and Function of Self-Injury Scale; Child Disclosure Measure DOI: 10.1037/t25971-000; Parental Involvement Measure DOI: 10.1037/t03002-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. References Available: Y. Page Count: 19. Issue Publication Date: Apr, 2017. Copyright Statement: International Academy for Suicide Research\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2017-14653-008&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ebenau@ku.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Benau, Erik M., Department of Psychology, University of Kansas, Fraser Hall, Rm. 426, 1415 Jayhawk Blvd., Lawrence, KS, US, 66045\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Berg, S. H.\line %A R\u248?rtveit, K.\line %A Walby, F. A.\line %A Aase, K.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Shared understanding of resilient practices in the context of inpatient suicide prevention: a narrative synthesis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B BMC Health Serv Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 22\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 967\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20220729\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jul 29\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Shared understanding of resilient practices in the context of inpatient suicide prevention: a narrative synthesis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1472-6963\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1186/s12913-022-08282-x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 None to declare.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC9336074\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 35906685\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Inpatients\par }
{\f1\fs22 Qualitative Research\par }
{\f1\fs22 Retrospective Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide/prevention & control/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adaptation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Complexity\par }
{\f1\fs22 Inpatient suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Patient safety\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilient healthcare\par }
{\f1\fs22 Safety science\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide prevention\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: The prevailing patient safety strategies in suicide prevention are suicide risk assessments and retrospective reviews, with emphasis on minimising risk and preventing adverse events. Resilient healthcare focuses on how everyday clinical practice succeeds and emphasises learning from practice, not from adverse events. Yet, little is known about resilient practices for suicidal inpatients. The aim of the study is to draw upon the perspectives of patients and healthcare professionals to inform the conceptual development of resilient practices in inpatient suicide prevention. METHODS: A narrative synthesis was conducted of findings across patients and healthcare professionals derived from a qualitative case study based on interviews with patients and healthcare professionals in addition to a systematic literature review. RESULTS: Three sub-themes categorise resilient practices for healthcare professionals and for patients hospitalised with suicidal behaviour: 1) interactions capturing non-verbal cues; 2) protection through dignity and watchfulness; and 3) personalised approaches to alleviate emotional pressure. The main theme, the establishment of relationships of trust in resilient practices for patients in suicidal crisis, is the foundation of their communication and caring. CONCLUSION: Clinical practice for patients hospitalised with suicidal behaviour has characteristics of complex adaptive systems in terms of dynamic interactions, decision-making under uncertainty, tensions between goals solved through trade-offs, and adaptations to patient variability and interpersonal needs. To improve the safety of patients hospitalised with suicidal behaviour, variability in clinical practice should be embraced. TRIAL REGISTRATION: https://doi.org/10.1136/bmjopen-2016-012874.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1472-6963\par }
{\f1\fs22 Berg, Siv Hilde\par }
{\f1\fs22 R\u248?rtveit, Kristine\par }
{\f1\fs22 Walby, Fredrik A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aase, Karina\par }
{\f1\fs22 911846/Helse Vest/\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Systematic Review\par }
{\f1\fs22 2022/07/30\par }
{\f1\fs22 BMC Health Serv Res. 2022 Jul 29;22(1):967. doi: 10.1186/s12913-022-08282-x.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9336074/pdf/12913_2022_Article_8282.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2043725841/Berg-2022-Shared understanding of resilient pr.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Centre for Resilience in Healthcare, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Stavanger, Kjell Arholmsgate 43, N-4036, Stavanger, Norway. Siv.h.berg@uis.no.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Clinics of Adult Mental Health Care, Stavanger University Hospital, P.O. Box 8100, N-4068, Stavanger, Norway. Siv.h.berg@uis.no.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Milieu Therapy and Mental Health Nursing Research Group, Clinics of Adult Mental Health Care, Stavanger University Hospital, P.O. Box 8100, N-4068, Stavanger, Norway.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Life Phenomena and Caring Research Group, Department of Caring and Ethics, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Stavanger, N-4036, Stavanger, Norway.\par }
{\f1\fs22 National Centre for Suicide Research and Prevention, Faculty of Medicine, University of Oslo, Sognsvannsveien 21, Building 12, N-0320, Oslo, Norway.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Centre for Resilience in Healthcare, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Stavanger, Kjell Arholmsgate 43, N-4036, Stavanger, Norway.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Bernecker, S. L.\line %A Zuromski, K. L.\line %A Gutierrez, P. M.\line %A Joiner, T. E.\line %A King, A. J.\line %A Liu, H.\line %A Nock, M. K.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Zaslavsky, A. M.\line %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Predicting suicide attempts among soldiers who deny suicidal ideation in the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Behav Res Ther\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 120\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 103350\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20181206\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Sep\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Predicting suicide attempts among soldiers who deny suicidal ideation in the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0005-7967 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0005-7967\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.brat.2018.11.018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 Declarations of interest: In the past 3 years, Dr. Kessler received support for his epidemiological studies from Sanofi Aventis; was a consultant for Johnson & Johnson Wellness and Prevention, Sage, Shire, Takeda; and served on an advisory board for the Johnson & Johnson Services Inc. Lake Nona Life Project. Kessler is a co-owner of DataStat, Inc., a market research firm that carries out healthcare research. Dr. Stein has in the past three years been a consultant for Actelion, Aptinyx, Bionomics, Janssen, Neurocrine, Oxeia Biopharmaceuticals, and Resilience Therapeutics. The remaining authors have no financial disclosures.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC7594446\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS1564388\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 30598236\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Age Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Brain Injuries, Traumatic/*epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Educational Status\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emigrants and Immigrants/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ethnicity/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Machine Learning\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Disorders/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychological Trauma/*epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self Report\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sex Offenses/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress, Psychological/*epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 War Exposure/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Army\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide attempt\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Most nonfatal suicide attempts and suicide deaths occur among patients who deny suicidal ideation (SI) during suicide risk screenings. Little is known about risk factors for suicidal behaviors among such patients. We investigated this in a representative sample of U.S. Army soldiers who denied lifetime SI in a survey and were then followed through administrative records for up to 45 months to learn of administratively-recorded suicide attempts (SA). A novel two-stage risk assessment approach was used that combined first-stage prediction from administrative records to find the subsample of SI deniers with highest subsequent SA risk and then used survey reports to estimate a second-stage model identifying the subset of individuals in the high-risk subsample at highest SA risk. 70% of survey respondents denied lifetime SI. Administrative data identified 30% of this 70% who accounted for 81.2% of subsequent administratively-recorded SAs. A relatively small number of self-report survey variables were then used to create a prediction model that identified 10% of the first-stage high-risk sample (i.e., 3% of all soldiers) at highest SA risk (accounting for 45% of SAs in the total sample). We close by discussing potential applications of this approach for identifying future SI deniers at highest SA risk.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1873-622x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bernecker, Samantha L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zuromski, Kelly L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gutierrez, Peter M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Joiner, Thomas E\par }
{\f1\fs22 King, Andrew J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Liu, Howard\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nock, Matthew K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zaslavsky, Alan M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/01/02\par }
{\f1\fs22 Behav Res Ther. 2019 Sep;120:103350. doi: 10.1016/j.brat.2018.11.018. Epub 2018 Dec 6.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7594446/pdf/nihms-1564388.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1032777849/Bernecker-2019-Predicting suicide attempts amo.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychology, Harvard University, 33 Kirkland St, Cambridge, MA, USA; Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, 180 Longwood Ave, Boston, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, University of Colorado School of Medicine; and Rocky Mountain Mental Illness Research, Education, and Clinical Center, Rocky Mountain Regional Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Aurora, CO, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Florida State University, Tallahassee, FL, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, 180 Longwood Ave, Boston, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Harvard University, 33 Kirkland St, Cambridge, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry and Department of Family Medicine and Public Health, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Department of Psychiatry, Uniformed Services University School of Medicine, Bethesda, MD, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, 180 Longwood Ave, Boston, MA, USA. Electronic address: kessler@hcp.med.harvard.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Blalock, D. V.\line %A Young, K. C.\line %A Kleiman, E. M.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Stability amidst turmoil: Grit buffers the effects of negative life events on suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychiatry Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 228\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 781-4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20150529\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Aug 30\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Stability amidst turmoil: Grit buffers the effects of negative life events on suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-1781\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.psychres.2015.04.041\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 26070767\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Follow-Up Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress, Psychological/*diagnosis/epidemiology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/prevention & control/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Character strengths\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-regulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The goal of the current study is to examine the role of grit as a resilience factor that reduces the risk for suicidal ideation conferred by negative life events. Participants (N=209) completed measures of negative life events and grit at baseline and a measure of suicidal ideation at follow-up four weeks later. Poisson regression analyses found that higher levels of grit buffered the relationship between negative life events and suicidal ideation such that negative life events only predicted suicidal ideation if grit was low. These results suggest that high grit can abate the increased suicidal ideation associated with negative life events. Aside from absolute levels of suicidal ideation, being able to predict or buffer dramatic shifts in suicidal ideation can be a useful diagnostic tool during interventions.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1872-7123\par }
{\f1\fs22 Blalock, Dan V\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young, Kevin C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kleiman, Evan M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ireland\par }
{\f1\fs22 2015/06/14\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry Res. 2015 Aug 30;228(3):781-4. doi: 10.1016/j.psychres.2015.04.041. Epub 2015 May 29.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1198446514/Blalock-Young-Kleiman-2015-Stability-amidst-tu.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychology, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA, USA. Electronic address: dblalock@gmu.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Bockting, Walter O.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2016\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Vulnerability and resilience among gender-nonconforming children and adolescents: Mental health professionals have a key role to play\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Journal of the American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 55\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 6\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 441-443\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Vulnerability and resilience among gender-nonconforming children and adolescents: Mental health professionals have a key role to play\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0890-8567\par }
{\f1\fs22 1527-5418\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jaac.2016.04.008\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2016-27268-007\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 dysphoria\par }
{\f1\fs22 gender identity\par }
{\f1\fs22 mental health\par }
{\f1\fs22 health personnel\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Transgender Persons\par }
{\f1\fs22 Major Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gender Nonconforming\par }
{\f1\fs22 Scientific Communication\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The editorial briefs the issues related to vulnerability and resilience among gender-nonconforming children and adolescents. Gender-nonconforming and transgender children and adolescents remain a vulnerable population that can benefit from support and therapeutic assistance. New evidence indicates that children with gender dysphoria are at increased risk for suicidal ideation, self harm, or suicide attempts. Social stigma remains a challenge for their development and adaptation. However, social stigma does not appear to be the sole cause of their distress. Gender dysphoria appears to be inherently distressing. Even when meeting criteria for a formal DSM-5 diagnosis of gender dysphoria, (early) social and medical transition (through hormones and surgery) is not routinely indicated; rather, each individual and his or her psychosocial context is unique and is best served by an individualized treatment plan that addresses barriers to the development of each person\u8217?s full potential, contributing to a greater appreciation of the spectrum of diversity in gender identity and expression. Mental health professionals can play a key role in facilitating such development, alleviating gender dysphoria, and creating a supportive family and social environment. The role of mental health professionals is not to change gender identity but, rather, to assist children, adolescents, and their families to explore identity and expression, including but not limited to making fully informed decisions about the available medical and social interventions and their timing. Affirmation should not only be affirmation of gender identity, but should include affirmation of a transgender identity as distinct from non-transgender female and male identities. A better phenomenological understanding of gender dysphoria and gender diversity is needed to inform interventions aimed at facilitating the development of gender identity, mental health, and resilience. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Program for the Study of LGBT Health, Division of Gender, Sexuality, and Health, New York State Psychiatric Institute (NYSPI), New York, NY, US. Other Publishers: Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. Release Date: 20160620. Correction Date: 20190211. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Editorial. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Gender Identity; Major Depression; Mental Health; Resilience (Psychological); Gender Nonconforming. Minor Descriptor: Scientific Communication; Health Personnel. Classification: Health & Mental Health Treatment & Prevention (3300). Population: Human (10). References Available: Y. Page Count: 3. Issue Publication Date: Jun, 2016. Publication History: Accepted Date: Apr 21, 2016. Copyright Statement: American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry. 2016.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2016-27268-007&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 wb2273@cumc.columbia.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 https://www.jaacap.org/article/S0890-8567(16)30134-4/fulltext\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Bockting, Walter O., 1051 Riverside Drive, Unit 15, New York, NY, US, 10032\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Thesis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Bohlinger, Anna\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Adolescent nonsuicidal self-injury, parental support, and family resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I ProQuest Information & Learning\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 77\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Adolescent nonsuicidal self-injury, parental support, and family resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2016-58395-097\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K adolescence\par }
{\f1\fs22 family dynamics\par }
{\f1\fs22 nonsuicidal self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 parenting\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent Attitudes\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family\par }
{\f1\fs22 Parents\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X This mixed-methods study explored parental experiences of support and family strengths when a child had engaged in nonsuicidal self-injury. Twenty parents participated in a quantitative web survey, and 5 went on to complete follow-up qualitative interviews. Parents reported adequate levels of global social support as measured by the Social Provision Scale and the Social Support Questionnaire. Specifically, they reported high levels of perceived ability to guide and nurture in their significant relationships. However, affective and instrumental support from adult peers was more difficult for these parents to perceive and access. Qualitative interviews added depth and richness to these findings; parents reported challenges in accessing support due to difficulties in finding other parents who had also had a child with similar problems. At the same time, they described many strengths in their family systems, including role flexibility, healthy boundaries, connectedness, and positive meaning-making. Implications for future research and clinical work are discussed in conclusion. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 2016-58395-097. Other Journal Title: Dissertation Abstracts International. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Bohlinger, Anna; University of Minnesota, Family Social Science, US. Release Date: 20170518. Publication Type: Dissertation Abstract (0400). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Dissertation. Dissertation Number: AAI10141903. ISBN: 978-1339972275. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Adolescent Attitudes; Family; Parents; Resilience (Psychological); Self-Injurious Behavior. Classification: Health & Mental Health Treatment & Prevention (3300); General Psychology (2100). Population: Human (10). Age Group: Adolescence (13-17 yrs) (200); Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300). Methodology: Empirical Study; Followup Study; Interview; Qualitative Study; Quantitative Study.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2016-58395-097&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2563340352/Bohlinger_umn_0130E_16953.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Boldrini, M.\line %A Galfalvy, H.\line %A Dwork, A. J.\line %A Rosoklija, G. B.\line %A Trencevska-Ivanovska, I.\line %A Pavlovski, G.\line %A Hen, R.\line %A Arango, V.\line %A Mann, J. J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience Is Associated With Larger Dentate Gyrus, While Suicide Decedents With Major Depressive Disorder Have Fewer Granule Neurons\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Biol Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 85\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 10\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 850-862\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20190117\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 May 15\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience Is Associated With Larger Dentate Gyrus, While Suicide Decedents With Major Depressive Disorder Have Fewer Granule Neurons\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0006-3223 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0006-3223\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.biopsych.2018.12.022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC6830307\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS1057337\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 30819514\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Adverse Childhood Experiences\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dentate Gyrus/*pathology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depressive Disorder, Major/complications/*pathology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Neural Stem Cells/pathology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Neuroglia/pathology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Neurons/*pathology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Granule cell\par }
{\f1\fs22 Major depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Neural progenitors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Postmortem\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Early life adversity (ELA) increases major depressive disorder (MDD) and suicide risk and potentially affects dentate gyrus (DG) plasticity. We reported smaller DG and fewer granular neurons (GNs) in MDD. ELA effects on DG plasticity in suicide decedents with MDD (MDDSui) and resilient subjects (ELA history without MDD or suicide) are unknown. METHODS: We quantified neural progenitor cells (NPCs), GNs, glia, and DG volume in whole hippocampus postmortem in four groups of drug-free, neuropathology-free subjects (N\u160?= 52 total): psychological autopsy-defined MDDSui and control subjects with and without ELA (before 15 years of age). RESULTS: ELA was associated with larger DG (p < .0001) and trending fewer NPCs (p\u160?= .0190) only in control subjects in whole DG, showing no effect on NPCs and DG volume in MDDSui. ELA exposure was associated with more GNs (p\u160?= .0003) and a trend for more glia (p\u160?= .0160) in whole DG in MDDSui and control subjects. MDDSui without ELA had fewer anterior and mid DG GNs (p < .0001), fewer anterior DG NPCs (p < .0001), and smaller whole DG volume (p\u160?= .0005) compared with control subjects without ELA. In MDDSui, lower Global Assessment Scale score correlated with fewer GNs and smaller DG. CONCLUSIONS: Resilience to ELA involves a larger DG, perhaps related to more neurogenesis depleting NPCs, and because mature GNs and glia numbers do not differ in the resilient group, perhaps there are effects on process extension and synaptic load that can be examined in future studies. In MDDSui without ELA, smaller DG volume, with fewer GNs and NPCs, suggests less neurogenesis and/or more apoptosis and dendrite changes.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1873-2402\par }
{\f1\fs22 Boldrini, Maura\par }
{\f1\fs22 Galfalvy, Hanga\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dwork, Andrew J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rosoklija, Gorazd B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Trencevska-Ivanovska, Iskra\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pavlovski, Goran\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hen, Ren\u233?\par }
{\f1\fs22 Arango, Victoria\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mann, J John\par }
{\f1\fs22 R01 MH098786/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 R01 MH064168/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 R01 MH068542/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 R21 MH094888/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 NS090415/NS/NINDS NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 R01 MH083862/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 P50 MH090964/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 R01 MH040210/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/03/02\par }
{\f1\fs22 Biol Psychiatry. 2019 May 15;85(10):850-862. doi: 10.1016/j.biopsych.2018.12.022. Epub 2019 Jan 17.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6830307/pdf/nihms-1057337.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3566788055/Boldrini-2019-Resilience Is Associated With La.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychiatry, Columbia University, New York State Psychiatric Institute, New York, New York; Division of Molecular Imaging and Neuropathology, New York State Psychiatric Institute, New York, New York. Electronic address: mb928@cumc.columbia.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Columbia University, New York State Psychiatric Institute, New York, New York; Department of Biostatistics, Columbia University, New York State Psychiatric Institute, New York, New York.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Columbia University, New York State Psychiatric Institute, New York, New York; Department of Pathology and Cell Biology, Columbia University, New York State Psychiatric Institute, New York, New York; Division of Molecular Imaging and Neuropathology, New York State Psychiatric Institute, New York, New York; Division of Integrative Neuroscience, New York State Psychiatric Institute, New York, New York.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Columbia University, New York State Psychiatric Institute, New York, New York; Division of Molecular Imaging and Neuropathology, New York State Psychiatric Institute, New York, New York; Division of Integrative Neuroscience, New York State Psychiatric Institute, New York, New York; Macedonian Academy of Sciences and Arts, Ss. Cyril and Methodius University, Skopje, Macedonia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Skopje Psychiatric Hospital, Ss. Cyril and Methodius University, Skopje, Macedonia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Institute for Forensic Medicine, Ss. Cyril and Methodius University, Skopje, Macedonia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Columbia University, New York State Psychiatric Institute, New York, New York; Department of Neuroscience, Columbia University, New York State Psychiatric Institute, New York, New York; Department of Pharmacology, Columbia University, New York State Psychiatric Institute, New York, New York; Division of Integrative Neuroscience, New York State Psychiatric Institute, New York, New York.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Columbia University, New York State Psychiatric Institute, New York, New York; Division of Molecular Imaging and Neuropathology, New York State Psychiatric Institute, New York, New York.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Book Section\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Bongar, Bruce\line %A Vescera, Kristen J.\line %A Mendoza-Rivera, Paola\line %A Bacigalupi, Rachel\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience and reducing self-destructive behaviors\par }
{\f1\fs22 %E Pradhan, Rabindra Kumar\line %E Kumar, Updesh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Emotion, well-being, and resilience: Theoretical perspectives and practical applications.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %C Palm Bay, FL\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I Apple Academic Press/Routledge\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 15-31\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience and reducing self-destructive behaviors\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 9781771888905\par }
{\f1\fs22 978-1-00305-780-2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2020-16780-002\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-destructive behaviors\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 at-risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 cultural factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Recent developments in positive psychology underscore the potential benefit of focusing on resilience factors rather than psychiatric illness or symptoms. Resilience can be defined as a set of qualities that can be multidimensional and enable an individual to persevere through adversity. Both internal and external stressors are constant in a person\u8217?s life and one\u8217?s ability to cope affects their resilience. Sometimes, one\u8217?s ability to cope is unsuccessful and can result in self-destructive behaviors. Obtaining information on risk factors is important in identifying personal and environmental issues that contribute to self-destructive behaviors. These behaviors have been described as wide-ranging acts of harm to self, including suicidal behaviors, nonsuicidal self-injury, and recklessness. Direct and indirect subtypes of self-destructive behaviors are important to understand and will be explored. Past and childhood trauma is known to be a strong predictor of self-harming literature indicates that other risk factors include psychiatric illness, socioeconomic disadvantages, early and late adulthood, sexual orientation, and military/veteran status. Additionally, self-harming behavior is a predictor for suicide attempts, with a suicide completion rate of 5% for up to 9 years after hospitalization for self-harm. Research shows that adolescents, military/veteran, and ethnically and sexually diverse populations are most at risk. Several cultural aspects within these groups will be explored to show potential protective factors which can be applied to the individual. It is important to understand the factors that relate to resilience in dealing with negative effects of trauma and stress, such as post-traumatic stress disorder and other mental illness. Successful evidence-based resilience programs within each of these at-risk groups will be discussed along with implications for further research. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 2020-16780-002. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Bongar, Bruce; Department of Clinical Psychology, Palo Alto University, Palo Alto, CA, US. Release Date: 20220113. Publication Type: Book (0200), Edited Book (0280). Format Covered: Print. Document Type: Chapter. ISBN: 9781771888905, ISBN Hardcover; 978-1-00305-780-2, ISBN Digital (undefined format). Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Resilience (Psychological); Self-Injurious Behavior; Suicide. Classification: Behavior Disorders & Antisocial Behavior (3230). Population: Human (10). Intended Audience: Psychology: Professional & Research (PS). References Available: Y. Page Count: 17.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2020-16780-002&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 bongar@paloaltou.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0815926737/BongarEA_Emotion, Well-Being, and Resilience(2.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Bongar, Bruce, Department of Clinical Psychology, Palo Alto University, 1791 Arastradero Road, Palo Alto, CA, US, 94304\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Bottomley, J. S.\line %A Abrutyn, S.\line %A Smigelsky, M. A.\line %A Neimeyer, R. A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Mental Health Symptomatology and Exposure to Non-Fatal Suicidal Behavior: Factors That Predict Vulnerability and Resilience Among College Students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Arch Suicide Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 22\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 596-614\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20180124\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Oct-Dec\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Mental Health Symptomatology and Exposure to Non-Fatal Suicidal Behavior: Factors That Predict Vulnerability and Resilience Among College Students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1381-1118\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/13811118.2017.1387632\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 29111913\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Anxiety/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Emotional Adjustment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Protective Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Social Skills\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide/prevention & control/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 college student\par }
{\f1\fs22 non-fatal suicidal behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 risk factor\par }
{\f1\fs22 stressor\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Despite efforts to identify risk factors following exposure to completed suicide, research has paid less attention to the associations between exposure to non-fatal suicide behavior (NFSB) and mental health symptomatology-factors that may underlie one's susceptibility to future suicidal thoughts and behaviors. This study examined differences in mental health symptomatology among 192 college students exposed to NFSB and 202 exposed to general stressors. Results indicated that students exposed to NFSB had significantly higher levels of depression and anxiety compared to those exposed to a variety of other stressors but not NFSB. Furthermore, among those exposed, a number of risk and protective factors emerged in relation to psychological sequelae, such as emotional stability, social support, and the quality of the relationship between the exposed and suicidal individual. These findings highlight the importance of enhancing provisions of support for those exposed to NFSB.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1543-6136\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bottomley, Jamison S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Abrutyn, Seth\par }
{\f1\fs22 Smigelsky, Melissa A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Neimeyer, Robert A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2017/11/08\par }
{\f1\fs22 Arch Suicide Res. 2017 Oct-Dec;22(4):596-614. doi: 10.1080/13811118.2017.1387632. Epub 2018 Jan 24.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Bottomley, Jamison S.\line %A Abrutyn, Seth\line %A Smigelsky, Melissa A.\line %A Neimeyer, Robert A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Mental health symptomatology and exposure to non-fatal suicidal behavior: Factors that predict vulnerability and resilience among college students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Archives of Suicide Research\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 22\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 596-614\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Mental health symptomatology and exposure to non-fatal suicidal behavior: Factors that predict vulnerability and resilience among college students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1381-1118\par }
{\f1\fs22 1543-6136\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/13811118.2017.1387632\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2018-44520-006\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K college student\par }
{\f1\fs22 non-fatal suicidal behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 risk factor\par }
{\f1\fs22 stressor\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Susceptibility (Disorders)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Exposure\par }
{\f1\fs22 College Students\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Destructive Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Despite efforts to identify risk factors following exposure to completed suicide, research has paid less attention to the associations between exposure to non-fatal suicide behavior (NFSB) and mental health symptomatology\u8212?factors that may underlie one\u8217?s susceptibility to future suicidal thoughts and behaviors. This study examined differences in mental health symptomatology among 192 college students exposed to NFSB and 202 exposed to general stressors. Results indicated that students exposed to NFSB had significantly higher levels of depression and anxiety compared to those exposed to a variety of other stressors but not NFSB. Furthermore, among those exposed, a number of risk and protective factors emerged in relation to psychological sequelae, such as emotional stability, social support, and the quality of the relationship between the exposed and suicidal individual. These findings highlight the importance of enhancing provisions of support for those exposed to NFSB. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Department of Psychology, University of Memphis, Memphis, TN, US. Other Publishers: Springer. Release Date: 20191212. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Mental Health; Resilience (Psychological); Suicide; Susceptibility (Disorders); Exposure. Minor Descriptor: College Students; Self-Destructive Behavior. Classification: Classroom Dynamics & Student Adjustment & Attitudes (3560). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: US. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300). Tests & Measures: Exposure to NFSB and General Stressors Measure; Grief Experiences Questionnaire-Adapted Version; MOS Modified Social Support Survey; Centrality of Event Scale Short Form; Patient Health Questionnaire-8 DOI: 10.1037/t64702-000; Generalized Anxiety Disorder 7 DOI: 10.1037/t02591-000; Quality of Relationships Inventory DOI: 10.1037/t00505-000; Connor\u8211?Davidson Resilience Scale DOI: 10.1037/t06346-000; Ten-Item Personality Inventory DOI: 10.1037/t07016-000; PTSD Checklist\u8212?Civilian Version DOI: 10.1037/t02622-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. Page Count: 19. Issue Publication Date: Oct-Dec, 2018. Copyright Statement: International Academy for Suicide Research\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2018-44520-006&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 jsbttmly@memphis.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Bottomley, Jamison S., Department of Psychology, University of Memphis, 400 Innovation Dr., Rm. 202, Memphis, TN, US, 38152\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Brailovskaia, Julia\line %A Forkmann, Thomas\line %A Glaesmer, Heide\line %A Paashaus, Laura\line %A Rath, Dajana\line %A Sch\u246?nfelder, Antje\line %A Juckel, Georg\line %A Teismann, Tobias\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Positive mental health moderates the association between suicide ideation and suicide attempts\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Journal of Affective Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 245\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 246-249\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Positive mental health moderates the association between suicide ideation and suicide attempts\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-0327\par }
{\f1\fs22 1573-2517\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jad.2018.11.005\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2019-05834-032\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Suicide ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide attempts\par }
{\f1\fs22 Positive mental health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Attempted Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background: Positive mental health (PMH) has been shown to confer resilience against suicide ideation. However, it is unclear, whether PMH also buffers the relationship between suicide ideation and suicide attempts. The current study aimed to determine whether PMH moderates the association between lifetime suicide ideation and lifetime suicide attempts. Methods: A total of 199 psychiatric inpatients with lifetime suicide attempts (female: n = 109; age: M = 37.56, SD = 14.38, range: 18\u8211?81) were interviewed on lifetime suicide ideation/behavior and completed a measure on PMH. Results: PMH moderated the impact of lifetime suicide ideation on lifetime suicide attempts: For those individuals who reported high levels of PMH, the rate of lifetime suicide attempts was reduced even when experiencing frequent episodes of lifetime suicide ideation. Limitations: Given the cross-sectional nature of the data, conclusions on causality should be handled carefully. Conclusion: PMH seems to confer resilience and should be taken into account, when assessing individuals for suicide risk. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Mental Health Research and Treatment Center, Department of Psychology, Ruhr-Universitat Bochum, Bochum, Germany. Release Date: 20190516. Correction Date: 20191212. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishGrant Information: Glaesmer, Heide. Major Descriptor: Attempted Suicide; Mental Health; Resilience (Psychological); Suicidal Ideation. Classification: Behavior Disorders & Antisocial Behavior (3230). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40); Inpatient (50). Location: Germany. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300); Young Adulthood (18-29 yrs) (320); Thirties (30-39 yrs) (340); Middle Age (40-64 yrs) (360); Aged (65 yrs & older) (380). Tests & Measures: Positive Mental Health Scale DOI: 10.1037/t74178-000; Self-Injurious Thoughts and Behaviors Interview DOI: 10.1037/t03674-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Interview; Quantitative Study. Supplemental Data: Other Internet. References Available: Y. Page Count: 4. Issue Publication Date: Feb 15, 2019. Publication History: First Posted Date: Nov 3, 2018; Accepted Date: Nov 2, 2018; Revised Date: Sep 17, 2018; First Submitted Date: Jul 20, 2018. Copyright Statement: All rights reserved. Elsevier B.V. 2018.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, Germany. Grant: GL 818/3-1. Recipients: Glaesmer, Heide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, Germany. Grant: FO 784/3-1. Recipients: Forkmann, Thomas\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, Germany. Grant: TE 747/4-1. Recipients: Teismann, Tobias\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, Germany. Grant: JU 366/8-1. Recipients: Juckel, Georg\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2019-05834-032&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 Julia.brailovskaia@rub.de\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Brailovskaia, Julia, Department of Clinical Psychology and Psychotherapy, Ruhr-Universitat Bochum, Massenbergstrasse 9-13, 44787, Bochum, Germany\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Brailovskaia, J.\line %A Teismann, T.\line %A Margraf, J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Positive Mental Health, Stressful Life Events, and Suicide Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Crisis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 41\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 5\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 383-388\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20200208\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Sep\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Positive Mental Health, Stressful Life Events, and Suicide Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0227-5910\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1027/0227-5910/a000652\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 32036702\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Personal Satisfaction\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress, Psychological/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 2-year follow-up study\par }
{\f1\fs22 positive mental health\par }
{\f1\fs22 stressful life events\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background: Stressful life events and suicide ideation regularly occur together. Yet, little is known about factors that buffer individuals against the development of suicide ideation. Aim: In a long-term follow-up study design, it was investigated whether positive mental health, that is, high levels of subjective and psychological well-being, buffers the association between stressful life events and suicide ideation. Method: A total of 126 German students (80.2% female; age: M = 24.29, SD = 5.21) were assessed at a baseline evaluation and again 24 months later. Data were collected using self-report questionnaires. Results: Linear hierarchical regression analysis was used to analyze the data. Positive mental health was considered to moderate the impact of stressful life events on suicide ideation - controlling for age and gender. Limitations: Current results are limited to university students. Conclusions: Positive mental health interacts with stressful life events, such that those with high levels of positive mental health show an attenuated increase in suicide ideation at elevated levels of stress. Positive mental health seems to confer resilience and should be focused on in counseling centers for students.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 2151-2396\par }
{\f1\fs22 Brailovskaia, Julia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0001-7607-1305\par }
{\f1\fs22 Teismann, Tobias\par }
{\f1\fs22 Margraf, J\u252?rgen\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Canada\par }
{\f1\fs22 2020/02/11\par }
{\f1\fs22 Crisis. 2020 Sep;41(5):383-388. doi: 10.1027/0227-5910/a000652. Epub 2020 Feb 8.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Mental Health Research and Treatment Center, Department of Psychology, Ruhr-Universit\u228?t Bochum, Germany.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Brennan, Stephanie L.\line %A Irwin, Jay\line %A Drincic, Andjela\line %A Amoura, N. Jean\line %A Randall, Amanda\line %A Smith-Sallans, Megan\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Relationship among gender-related stress, resilience factors, and mental health in a Midwestern US transgender and gender-nonconforming population\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B International Journal of Transgenderism\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 18\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 433-445\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Relationship among gender-related stress, resilience factors, and mental health in a Midwestern US transgender and gender-nonconforming population\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1553-2739\par }
{\f1\fs22 1434-4599\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/15532739.2017.1365034\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2017-57928-010\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Gender-nonconforming\par }
{\f1\fs22 gender-related stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 mental health\par }
{\f1\fs22 non-suicidal self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 transgender\par }
{\f1\fs22 Discrimination\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 Anxiety\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression (Emotion)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nonconformity (Personality)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gender Nonconforming\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background: Transgender and gender-nonconforming individuals experience more discrimination than their cisgender peers, and this discrimination can be associated with poorer mental health. This study used the gender minority stress model as a framework to examine the relationship among gender-related stressors and resilience factors and mental health outcomes. The study particularly aimed to increase knowledge of the gender-nonconforming population. Methods: A community sample of 83 individuals that identify as a gender different than the sex assigned to them at birth completed an online survey. Depression and anxiety were assessed using the Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression Scale (CES-D) and Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI), respectively. The Gender Minority Stress and Resilience measure was used to assess distal and proximal stressors and resilience factors. Results: The median CES-D and BAI scores were 16 and 13, respectively. Forty percent had a history of non-suicidal self-injury (NSSI), 75% had experienced suicidal ideation, and 45% had attempted suicide. Proximal stress was found to be a positive predictor of depressive symptoms. Resilience was a weak negative predictor of anxiety symptoms. Distal stress was a positive predictor of suicide attempts, and resilience factors and hormone use were marginal negative predictors of suicide attempt. Trans women were significantly less likely to have engaged in NSSI, but had a significantly higher proximal stress score than trans men and gender-nonconforming individuals. Conclusion: Our study found high rates of mental health problems in the trans and gender-nonconforming sample. Our findings in part support the gender minority stress model, with gender-related stress predicting certain mental health problems and resilience being a negative predictor. Overall, gender-nonconforming individuals have had similar experiences and mental health findings as transgender individuals. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z University of Nebraska Medical Center, College of Medicine, Omaha, NE, US. Other Publishers: Haworth Press. Release Date: 20180322. Correction Date: 20191230. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Discrimination; Mental Health; Resilience (Psychological); Stress; Transgender. Minor Descriptor: Anxiety; Depression (Emotion); Nonconformity (Personality); Gender Nonconforming. Classification: Sexual Behavior & Sexual Orientation (2980). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Transgender (35); Female (40). Location: US. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300); Young Adulthood (18-29 yrs) (320); Thirties (30-39 yrs) (340); Middle Age (40-64 yrs) (360); Aged (65 yrs & older) (380). Tests & Measures: Gender Minority Stress and Resilience Measure DOI: 10.1037/t39597-000; Beck Anxiety Inventory DOI: 10.1037/t02025-000; Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression Scale DOI: 10.1037/t02942-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. References Available: Y. Page Count: 13. Issue Publication Date: Oct, 2017. Copyright Statement: Taylor & Francis Group, LLC. 2017.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2017-57928-010&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 brennan.stephaniel@gmail.com\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2568099466/Relationship among gender related stress resil.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Brennan, Stephanie L., 2903 87th St., Lubbock, TX, US, 79423\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Thesis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Brown, Ryan A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2007\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Getting a life in rural America: Life course models, derailment, and resilience among Cherokee and Anglo emerging adults\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I ProQuest Information & Learning\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 67\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 3457-3457\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Getting a life in rural America: Life course models, derailment, and resilience among Cherokee and Anglo emerging adults\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2007-99005-009\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K life course\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 poverty\par }
{\f1\fs22 psychosocial stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 Life Span\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Early poverty and psychosocial stress is associated with mental and physical distress through a variety of life course processes. However, we know little about individual and cultural models of the life course, and such knowledge is likely to increase our understanding and precision of the mechanisms underlying such associations. To this end, I conducted an anthropological analysis of life course processes among 348 Cherokee (n=149) and Anglo (n=199) youths (aged 19-24) participating in a longitudinal study of mental health, the Great Smoky Mountains Study (GSMS). Youth life course trajectories, perspectives, and experiences were assessed through the Life Trajectory Interview for Youth (LTI-Y), a novel card sort instrument developed via the participation of 132 youth collaborators. In the LTI-Y, exposure to childhood poverty diminishes many (but not all) life course expectations and patterns of attainment, and this effect is unevenly distributed across individuals and groups. Resilient participants are found to up-regulate models of social support and individual coping in response to life course risk, and also appear to 'opt out' of cultural norms of achievement. By assessing life course dimensions both for the self and for a perceived social norm ('average Americans'), the LTI-Y describes the social comparative space between self and other. Individual conceptions of the distance between self and other (social contrast) are associated with the justification of the self and the consolidation of motivation for key domains of life course attainment. Concordance between individual life course attainment and the attainment of other youths (attainment similarity) is linked to early life course risk, as well as current psychosocial status (dysphoric mood). Analysis of ethnographic and life history, data illustrates how risk-taking and violence are associated with the construction of masculinity and selfhood among Cherokee and Anglo youth. Meanwhile, the fortuitous provision of hope and purpose through the accrual of personally salient cultural goods can help individuals desist from previously destructive and self-destructive paths. Among Appalachian youth, childbearing (both planned and unplanned) may be a potent generator of hope and positive outcomes, and this seems to play a special role among Cherokee youth. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 2007-99005-009. Other Journal Title: Dissertation Abstracts International. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Brown, Ryan A.; Emory U., US. Release Date: 20070611. Publication Type: Dissertation Abstract (0400). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Dissertation. Dissertation Number: AAI3234007. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Life Span; Poverty; Resilience (Psychological); Stress. Classification: Developmental Psychology (2800). Population: Human (10). Location: US. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300); Young Adulthood (18-29 yrs) (320). Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. Page Count: 1.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2007-99005-009&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Bureau, J. S.\line %A Mageau, G. A.\line %A Vallerand, R. J.\line %A Rousseau, F. L.\line %A Otis, J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2012\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Self-determination: a buffer against suicide ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Suicide Life Threat Behav\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 42\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 377-93\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20120514\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Aug\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Self-determination: a buffer against suicide ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0363-0234\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1111/j.1943-278X.2012.00097.x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 22583040\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Life Change Events\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Personal Autonomy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatric Status Rating Scales\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Psychology, Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress, Psychological/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/prevention & control/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Self-determination was examined as a protective factor against the detrimental impact of negative life events on suicide ideation in adolescents. It is postulated that for highly self-determined adolescents, negative life events have a weaker impact on both hopelessness and suicide ideation than for non-self-determined adolescents. In turn, hopelessness is hypothesized to generate less suicide ideation for highly self-determined individuals. Results from multigroup analyses confirm that both the direct and indirect links between negative life events and suicide ideation were significantly weaker among participants high in self-determination. The protective role of self-determination against negative life events is discussed.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1943-278x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bureau, Julien S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mageau, Genevi\u232?ve A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Vallerand, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rousseau, Fran\u231?ois L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Otis, Joanne\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2012/05/16\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide Life Threat Behav. 2012 Aug;42(4):377-93. doi: 10.1111/j.1943-278X.2012.00097.x. Epub 2012 May 14.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Universit\u233? de Montr\u233?al, Montreal, QC, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Calvete, Esther\line %A Orue, Izaskun\line %A Sampedro, Agurne\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Does the acting with awareness trait of mindfulness buffer the predictive association between stressors and psychological symptoms in adolescents?\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Personality and Individual Differences\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 105\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 158-163\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Does the acting with awareness trait of mindfulness buffer the predictive association between stressors and psychological symptoms in adolescents?\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0191-8869\par }
{\f1\fs22 1873-3549\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.paid.2016.09.055\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2016-53416-028\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Mindfulness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Awareness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Non-suicidal self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 Drug abuse\par }
{\f1\fs22 Externalizing problems\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 Individual Differences\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Symptoms\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Dispositional mindfulness has emerged in recent years as an important resilience factor that can help to improve mental health, particularly when individuals face stress. However, there has been a lack of longitudinal studies that have examined its role as a moderator of the predictive association between the occurrence of stressors and psychological symptoms. This study examines whether the acting with awareness component of dispositional mindfulness moderates the predictive associations between stressors and several psychological symptoms in a one-year prospective study. An initial sample of 1257 adolescents (ages 14\u8211?18) participated in this study. They completed measures of acting with awareness and several psychological problems at baseline and measures of psychological problems and stressors one year later. The results indicate that awareness predicts a decrease in non-suicidal self-injury for automatic and social reinforcement. Moreover, awareness attenuates the predictive association between stressors and both externalizing problems and non-suicidal self-injury behaviors. Although awareness is cross-sectionally associated with lower scores for depressive symptoms and drug abuse, longitudinal associations are not statistically significant. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z University of Deusto, Bilbao, Spain. Release Date: 20161128. Correction Date: 20201102. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Awareness; Individual Differences; Resilience (Psychological); Mindfulness. Minor Descriptor: Stress; Symptoms. Classification: Personality Traits & Processes (3120). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: Spain. Age Group: Adolescence (13-17 yrs) (200); Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300); Young Adulthood (18-29 yrs) (320). Tests & Measures: Mindful Attention Awareness Scale-Adolescents; Adolescent Drug Abuse Inventory; Functional Assessment of Self-Mutilation Scale; Adolescent Life Events Questionnaire DOI: 10.1037/t20075-000; Youth Self-Report; Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression Scale DOI: 10.1037/t02942-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. References Available: Y. Page Count: 6. Issue Publication Date: Jan 15, 2017. Publication History: First Posted Date: Oct 1, 2016; Accepted Date: Sep 27, 2016; Revised Date: Sep 1, 2016; First Submitted Date: Apr 28, 2016. Copyright Statement: All rights reserved. Elsevier Ltd. 2016.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: Spanish Government, Ministerio de Econom\u237?a y Competitividad, Spain. Grant: PSI2015-68426-R. Recipients: No recipient indicated\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2016-53416-028&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0002-3069-4897\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0002-6928-9557\par }
{\f1\fs22 esther.calvete@deusto.es\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2740949074/1-s2.0-S0191886916310182-main.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Calvete, Esther, University of Deusto, Avenida de las Universidades 24, 48007, Bilbao, Spain\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Carli, Vladimir\line %A Mandelli, Laura\line %A Zaninotto, Leonardo\line %A Alberti, Siegfried\line %A Roy, Alec\line %A Serretti, Alessandro\line %A Sarchiapone, Marco\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Trait-aggressiveness and impulsivity: Role of psychological resilience and childhood trauma in a sample of male prisoners\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Nordic Journal of Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 68\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 8-17\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Trait-aggressiveness and impulsivity: Role of psychological resilience and childhood trauma in a sample of male prisoners\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0803-9488\par }
{\f1\fs22 1502-4725\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.3109/08039488.2012.756061\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2013-45056-002\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K trait aggressiveness\par }
{\f1\fs22 impulsivity\par }
{\f1\fs22 psychological resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 childhood trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 prisoners\par }
{\f1\fs22 violent behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult Survivors of Child Abuse\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aggression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child\par }
{\f1\fs22 Comorbidity\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Impulsive Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Italy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Life Change Events\par }
{\f1\fs22 Logistic Models\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self Mutilation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Socioeconomic Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Substance-Related Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aggressiveness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Impulsiveness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Violent Crime\par }
{\f1\fs22 Trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background: One of the major challenges for research in the field of human aggression is the need to define the role of personality and trait-like dimensions, such as impulsivity and aggressiveness, in predisposing to violent behavior. Aims: 1) To determine whether trait-aggressiveness and impulsivity may be associated with socio-demographic, clinical and crime history variables in a sample of male prisoners; 2) to detect any association of those traits with measures of early traumatic experiences and current resilience traits. Methods: A sample of male prisoners (n =1356) underwent the Brown\u8212?Goodwin Assessment for Lifetime History of Aggression (BGLHA) and the Barratt Impulsivity Scale (BIS). Axis I psychiatric disorders were also assessed. Early traumatic experiences and psychological resilience were detected respectively by the Childhood Trauma Questionnaire (CTQ) and the Connor\u8212?Davidson Resilience Scale (CD-RISC). Two non-linear logistic regression models were performed to test for the best predictors of trait-aggressiveness and impulsivity. Results: Subjects with a history of substance use disorders and self-mutilation reported both higher BGLHA and BIS scores. Axis I disorders and suicide attempts were associated with aggressiveness, but not to impulsivity. A consistent correlation was found between BGLHA scores and early traumatic experiences. Resilience was positively correlated to impulsivity but not to aggressiveness scores. Conclusions: Our results support the view that aggressiveness and impulsivity are two different, albeit related trait-like dimensions of personality, having a different relationship with resilience, and, inferentially, a different impact over the development of psychiatric disorders. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Department of Health Sciences, University of Molise, Campobasso, Italy. Other Publishers: Taylor & Francis. Release Date: 20140224. Correction Date: 20150928. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Aggressiveness; Impulsiveness; Prisoners; Resilience (Psychological); Violent Crime. Minor Descriptor: Trauma. Classification: Behavior Disorders & Antisocial Behavior (3230). Population: Human (10); Male (30). Location: Italy. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300). Tests & Measures: Brown\u8212?Goodwin Assessment for Lifetime History of Aggression; Barratt Impulsivity Scale; Childhood Trauma Questionnaire DOI: 10.1037/t02080-000; Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview DOI: 10.1037/t18597-000; Connor\u8211?Davidson Resilience Scale DOI: 10.1037/t06346-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Longitudinal Study; Retrospective Study; Interview; Quantitative Study. References Available: Y. Page Count: 10. Issue Publication Date: Jan, 2014. Publication History: Accepted Date: Dec 1, 2012. Copyright Statement: Informa Healthcare. 2013.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2013-45056-002&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 leonardo.zaninotto@unibo.it\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1790426264/Trait-aggressiveness_and_impulsivity_Rol201811.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Zaninotto, Leonardo, Institute of Psychiatry, University of Bologna, V. le C. Pepoli, 5, 40123, Bologna, Italy\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Chang, E. C.\line %A Jiang, X.\line %A Tian, W.\line %A Yi, S.\line %A Liu, J.\line %A Liang, P.\line %A Liang, Y.\line %A Lai, S.\line %A Shi, X.\line %A Li, M.\line %A Chang, O. D.\line %A Hirsch, J. K.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Hope as a Process in Understanding Positive Mood and Suicide Protection\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Crisis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 43\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 90-97\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20210121\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Hope as a Process in Understanding Positive Mood and Suicide Protection\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0227-5910\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1027/0227-5910/a000755\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 33474993\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Affect\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide/prevention & control/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 college students\par }
{\f1\fs22 hope\par }
{\f1\fs22 life satisfaction\par }
{\f1\fs22 positive mood\par }
{\f1\fs22 reasons for living\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background: According to the broaden-and-build model of positive mood, positive emotions are believed to broaden cognition resources and build psychological resiliency, to help incur positive psychological outcomes. Aim: We examined hope as a potential mediator of the association between positive mood and suicide protection (viz., life satisfaction and reasons for living) in adults. We hypothesized that positive mood would be associated with greater suicide protection through broadening hope agency and building hope pathways. Method: A sample of 320 college students completed measures of positive emotions, hope, and suicide protection. Results: Results from bootstrapped mediation testing indicated that hope agency, but not hope pathways, partially or fully mediated the relationship between positive mood and suicide protection. Limitations: It is not clear whether these findings are generalizable to a more diverse adult population. Also, it is not possible to rule out alternative causal models involving positive emotions and suicide protection. Conclusion: These findings provide some promising preliminary evidence for how positive emotions might help build hope agency to foster greater suicide protection in adults.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 2151-2396\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chang, Edward C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-9179-8542\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jiang, Xinying\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tian, Weiyi\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yi, Shangwen\par }
{\f1\fs22 Liu, Jiting\par }
{\f1\fs22 Liang, Pengwei\par }
{\f1\fs22 Liang, Yongyi\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lai, Siyu\par }
{\f1\fs22 Shi, Xiaoxuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Li, Mingqi\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chang, Olivia D\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hirsch, Jameson K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Canada\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/01/22\par }
{\f1\fs22 Crisis. 2022 Mar;43(2):90-97. doi: 10.1027/0227-5910/a000755. Epub 2021 Jan 21.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Faculty of Psychology, Beijing Normal University, PR China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sauder School of Business, The University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, DePaul University, Chicago, IL, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, East Tennessee State University, Johnson City, TN, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Chang, L. Y.\line %A Chang, Y. H.\line %A Wu, C. C.\line %A Chang, J. J.\line %A Yen, L. L.\line %A Chang, H. Y.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience buffers the effects of sleep problems on the trajectory of suicidal ideation from adolescence through young adulthood\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Soc Sci Med\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 279\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 114020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20210510\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jun\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience buffers the effects of sleep problems on the trajectory of suicidal ideation from adolescence through young adulthood\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0277-9536\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.socscimed.2021.114020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 34004572\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prospective Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Sleep Wake Disorders/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Taiwan/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Buffering effects\par }
{\f1\fs22 Developmental trajectory\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sleep problems\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVES: To examine both the between-person and within-person effects of sleep problems on the trajectory of suicidal ideation from ages 14 to 22 and investigate whether resilience moderates the effects. Age and sex differences were explored in the main and interaction effects of sleep problems and resilience on suicidal ideation. METHODS: The study sample included 2491 adolescents (1260 males and 1231 females) who participated in a prospective study spanning 2009 through 2016 in northern Taiwan. Sex-stratified multilevel models were used to examine the between-person and within-person effects of sleep problems and the moderating effects of resilience on the trajectory of suicidal ideation in males and females. RESULTS: Across adolescents, higher levels of sleep problems contributed to an elevated risk of suicidal ideation for both sexes. Within individuals, a higher risk of suicidal ideation was observed when an adolescent's sleep problems exceeded their typical levels. The within-person effects of sleep problems were further determined to vary by age in males, with the effects gradually decreasing throughout late adolescence but increasing again in young adulthood. The buffering effects of resilience were only observed in females. The relationships between the within-person effects of sleep problems and suicidal ideation were only significant in female adolescents with low levels of resilience. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings extend the research by demonstrating both the between-person and within-person association between sleep problems and suicidal ideation. We further revealed age and sex differences in the within-person effects of sleep problems and the buffering effects of resilience. Prevention and intervention programs that target sleep problems could be tailored based on individuals' age, sex, and levels of resilience to prevent suicidal ideation.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1873-5347\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chang, Ling-Yin\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chang, Yi-Han\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wu, Chi-Chen\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chang, Jen Jen\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yen, Lee-Lan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chang, Hsing-Yi\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/05/19\par }
{\f1\fs22 Soc Sci Med. 2021 Jun;279:114020. doi: 10.1016/j.socscimed.2021.114020. Epub 2021 May 10.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Institute of Health Behaviors and Community Sciences, College of Public Health, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan. Electronic address: lingyin@ntu.edu.tw.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Institute of Health Behaviors and Community Sciences, College of Public Health, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan; Institute of Health Policy and Management, College of Public Health, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Institute of Population Health Sciences, National Health Research Institutes, Zhunan Town, Miaoli County, Taiwan.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, College of Public Health and Social Justice, Saint Louis University, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Institute of Population Health Sciences, National Health Research Institutes, Zhunan Town, Miaoli County, Taiwan; Institute of Health Policy and Management, College of Public Health, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Cheavens, J. S.\line %A Cukrowicz, K. C.\line %A Hansen, R.\line %A Mitchell, S. M.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2016\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Incorporating Resilience Factors Into the Interpersonal Theory of Suicide: The Role of Hope and Self-Forgiveness in an Older Adult Sample\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Clin Psychol\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 72\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 58-69\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20151008\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jan\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Incorporating Resilience Factors Into the Interpersonal Theory of Suicide: The Role of Hope and Self-Forgiveness in an Older Adult Sample\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0021-9762\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/jclp.22230\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 26448342\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Forgiveness\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Hope\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Interpersonal Relations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Models, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychological Theory\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Self Concept\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVES: The interpersonal theory of suicide posits that perceived burdensomeness and thwarted belongingness are risk factors for suicide ideation. To more comprehensively characterize this model, it is important to identify resilience factors. Forgiveness of oneself may attenuate the relation between perceived burdensomeness and suicide ideation. Similarly, hope might weaken the association between thwarted belongingness and suicide ideation. METHOD: We examined these relations cross-sectionally in a sample (N = 91) of older adults after including symptoms of depression and demographic variables in the models. RESULTS: Self-forgiveness moderated the relation between perceived burdensomeness and suicide ideation. Hope did not moderate the relation between thwarted belongingness and suicide ideation. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that including resilience factors (i.e., self-forgiveness) in models of suicide ideation may result in better identification of those most at risk for suicide and may allow for more precise intervention targets.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1097-4679\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cheavens, Jennifer S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cukrowicz, Kelly C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hansen, Ryan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mitchell, Sean M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2015/10/09\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Clin Psychol. 2016 Jan;72(1):58-69. doi: 10.1002/jclp.22230. Epub 2015 Oct 8.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ The Ohio State University.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Texas Tech University.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Chen, Y. L.\line %A Kuo, P. H.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Effects of perceived stress and resilience on suicidal behaviors in early adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Eur Child Adolesc Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 29\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 6\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 861-870\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20190907\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jun\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Effects of perceived stress and resilience on suicidal behaviors in early adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1018-8827\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1007/s00787-019-01401-w\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 31492979\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Longitudinal Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress, Psychological/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Suicidal behaviors are significant public health issues. The aim of the current study is to examine the effects of perceived stress and resilience on suicidal ideation (SI), plan (SP), and attempt (SA) among early adolescents. A longitudinal study was conducted with data collected from 1035 junior high-school students at baseline and 1-year follow-up. Participants were assessed for suicidal behaviors, resilience, and perceived stress. Logistic regression was performed to analyze for the associations between independent variables and suicidal behaviors. 210 (20.3%) of the participants reported to have SI, 59 (5.7%) had SP, and 49 (4.7%) had SA at baseline. Perceived stress was a strong risk factor (p\u8201?<\u8201?0.001) for SI (OR 1.16-1.18), SP (OR 1.20-1.21), and SA (OR 1.12-1.16) while accounting for different dimensions of resilience. Students with persistent high stress during the 1-year follow-up period had significantly increased risk of SI (OR 7.14-9.64), SP (OR 3.92-6.37), and SA (OR 3.76-3.84) than the persistent low-stress group (p\u8201?<\u8201?0.01). Increased perceived stress scale (PSS) (OR 2.89-3.15) and decreased PSS (OR 2.47) also had a higher risk for SI than persistent low PSS group. Moreover, students with high perceived stress who reported to have higher hope and optimism were less likely to show SI (OR 0.90, p\u8201?=\u8201?0.001) and SP (OR 0.87, p\u8201?=\u8201?0.002) at baseline, and the problem-solving and cognitive maturity mature dimension of resilience showed a significant protective effect on SP longitudinally (OR 0.25, p\u8201?=\u8201?0.003). Perceived stress substantially increased the risk for suicidal behaviors, and moderates the protective effect of resilience on suicide. Considering both risk and protective factors of suicidal behaviors is essential in designing future suicide prevention and intervention programs.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1435-165x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chen, Yun-Ling\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kuo, Po-Hsiu\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-0365-3587\par }
{\f1\fs22 NSC101- 2314-B-002-184- MY3/Ministry of Science and Technology, Taiwan (TW)/\par }
{\f1\fs22 MST 105-2628-B-002-028-MY3/Ministry of Science and Technology, Taiwan (TW)/\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Germany\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/09/08\par }
{\f1\fs22 Eur Child Adolesc Psychiatry. 2020 Jun;29(6):861-870. doi: 10.1007/s00787-019-01401-w. Epub 2019 Sep 7.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00787-019-01401-w\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1417442132/10.1007@s00787-019-01401-w.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Public Health and Institute of Epidemiology and Preventive Medicine, College of Public Health, National Taiwan University, Rm.521, No.17, XuZhou Rd., Taipei City, 100, Taiwan.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Public Health and Institute of Epidemiology and Preventive Medicine, College of Public Health, National Taiwan University, Rm.521, No.17, XuZhou Rd., Taipei City, 100, Taiwan. phkuo@ntu.edu.tw.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Cheung, V. H. M.\line %A Chan, C. Y.\line %A Au, R. K. C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The influence of resilience and coping strategies on suicidal ideation among Chinese undergraduate freshmen in Hong Kong\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Asia Pac Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 11\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P e12339\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20181025\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jun\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The influence of resilience and coping strategies on suicidal ideation among Chinese undergraduate freshmen in Hong Kong\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1758-5864\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1111/appy.12339\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 30362264\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adaptation, Psychological/*physiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotions/physiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hong Kong\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatric Status Rating Scales\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 approach coping strategy\par }
{\f1\fs22 reappraisal coping strategy\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 students\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X INTRODUCTION: The purpose of this study was to examine the relationship between resilience and suicidal ideation, with coping strategies regarded as a mediator. METHODS: A total of 422 Hong Kong undergraduate students were recruited with convenience sampling. RESULTS: Simple linear regression was used to verify the negative relationship between resilience and suicidal ideation (P\u160?<\u160?0.001). The results revealed that two out of four tested mediation models were accepted, with the coping strategies of approach and reappraisal acting as mediators (P\u160?<\u160?0.001); the other two models were rejected when the coping strategies of emotional regulation and avoidance were the mediators. Regression analysis was performed to explore the effectiveness in reducing suicidal ideation in terms of the reappraisal coping strategy and the approach coping strategy, and the results indicated that the reappraisal coping strategy had greater effects than the approach coping strategy. DISCUSSION: Overall, the results of this study confirmed previous findings in the literature that resilience can alleviate the degree of suicidal ideation. Additionally, these results suggest further implications that adopting the approach and reappraisal coping strategies might make significant contributions to reducing the number of suicidal cases in society.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1758-5872\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cheung, Vanessa H M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chan, Chui Yi\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-0570-4843\par }
{\f1\fs22 Au, Ricky K C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Australia\par }
{\f1\fs22 2018/10/27\par }
{\f1\fs22 Asia Pac Psychiatry. 2019 Jun;11(2):e12339. doi: 10.1111/appy.12339. Epub 2018 Oct 25.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ School of Social Sciences, Caritas Institute of Higher Education, Hong Kong.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Chino, M.\line %A Fullerton-Gleason, L.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2006\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Understanding suicide attempts among American Indian adolescents in New Mexico: modifiable factors related to risk and resiliency\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Ethn Dis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 16\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 435-42\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Spring\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Understanding suicide attempts among American Indian adolescents in New Mexico: modifiable factors related to risk and resiliency\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1049-510X (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1049-510x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 17682246\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Data Collection\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family Characteristics/ethnology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Indians, North American/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Interpersonal Relations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 New Mexico\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Environment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*ethnology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVE: To examine correlates of suicide attempts among American Indian adolescents living on reservations in New Mexico. DESIGN: Cross-sectional PARTICIPANTS: American Indian adolescents attending school in New Mexico, grades 6 to 12. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Data from the Search Institute Profiles of Student Life Attitudes and Behaviors survey related to suicide attempts and student assets and risk behaviors. Hypothesized predictor variables derived from 39 survey questions were tested against one outcome variable relating to prior suicide attempts. RESULTS: Of 690 American Indian students included in the study, 24.2% indicated having attempted suicide one or more times in their lives. Salient assets included having neighbors who cared about them, adults who made them feel important, and having friends who did well in school. Notable risk factors were feeling depressed, drug and alcohol use, and having been the victim of violence. CONCLUSIONS: Adolescent suicide continues to be a major concern for American Indians. A focus on strengthening parent-child relationships and community support for families may increase resiliency among youth at risk.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Chino, Michelle\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fullerton-Gleason, Lynne\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2007/08/08\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ethn Dis. 2006 Spring;16(2):435-42.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ University of Nevada Las Vegas, School of Public Health, Center for Health Disparities Research, 4505 Maryland Parkway, Box 453060, Las Vegas, NV 89154-306, USA. michelle.chino@ccmail.nevada.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Clement, D. N.\line %A Wingate, L. R.\line %A Cole, A. B.\line %A O'Keefe, V. M.\line %A Hollingsworth, D. W.\line %A Davidson, C. L.\line %A Hirsch, J. K.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The Common Factors of Grit, Hope, and Optimism Differentially Influence Suicide Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Int J Environ Res Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 17\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 24\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20201221\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Dec 21\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The Common Factors of Grit, Hope, and Optimism Differentially Influence Suicide Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1661-7827 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1660-4601\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.3390/ijerph17249588\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 The authors declare no conflict of interest.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC7767414\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 33371423\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Factor Analysis, Statistical\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Hope\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Optimism\par }
{\f1\fs22 Regression Analysis\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 grit\par }
{\f1\fs22 hope\par }
{\f1\fs22 hopelessness\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X No study to date has simultaneously examined the commonalities and unique aspects of positive psychological factors and whether these factors uniquely account for a reduction in suicide risk. Using a factor analytic approach, the current study examined the relationships between grit, hope, optimism, and their unique and overlapping relationships in predicting suicide ideation. Results of principle axis factor analysis demonstrated close relationships between these variables at both the construct and item level. Item-level analyses supported a five-factor solution (Stick-to-Itiveness, Poor Future, Consistency of Interest, Positive Future, and Poor Pathways). Four of the five factors (excluding Stick-to-Itiveness) were associated with suicide ideation. Additionally, results of a multiple regression analysis indicated that two of the five factors (Consistency of Interest and Positive Future) negatively predicted suicide ideation while Poor Future positively predicted suicide ideation. Implications regarding the interrelationships between grit, hope, and optimism with suicide ideation are discussed.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1660-4601\par }
{\f1\fs22 Clement, D\u233?j\u224? N\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wingate, LaRicka R\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cole, Ashley B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-0035-0839\par }
{\f1\fs22 O'Keefe, Victoria M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hollingsworth, David W\par }
{\f1\fs22 Davidson, Collin L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hirsch, Jameson K\par }
{\f1\fs22 K01 MH122702/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 R01 CA221819/CA/NCI NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 2020/12/30\par }
{\f1\fs22 Int J Environ Res Public Health. 2020 Dec 21;17(24):9588. doi: 10.3390/ijerph17249588.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://mdpi-res.com/d_attachment/ijerph/ijerph-17-09588/article_deploy/ijerph-17-09588-v2.pdf?version=1608629863\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://4080432093/Clement-2020-The Common Factors of Grit, Hope.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychology, Oklahoma State University, Stillwater, OK 74075, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bloomberg School of Public Health, John Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD 21218, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tuscaloosa Veterans Affair Medical Center, Tuscaloosa, AL 35404, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Allina Health, Minneapolis, MN 55407, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, East Tennessee State University, Johnson City, TN 37614, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Cleverley, K.\line %A Kidd, S. A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2011\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience and suicidality among homeless youth\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Adolesc\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 34\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 5\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1049-54\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20101203\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Oct\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience and suicidality among homeless youth\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0140-1971\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.adolescence.2010.11.003\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 21122909\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Data Collection\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Homeless Youth/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Interviews as Topic\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ontario\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Homeless and street-involved youth are considered an extremely high risk group, with many studies highlighting trajectories characterized by abusive, neglectful, and unstable family histories, victimization and criminal involvement while on the streets, high rates of physical and mental illness, and extremely high rates of mortality. While there exists a substantial body of knowledge regarding risk, in recent years attention has been increasingly shifting to the examination of resilience, intervention, and service delivery models for these young people. The present study describes the findings from a quantitative examination of personal and street-related demographics, psychological distress, self-esteem, resilience, and suicidality among 47 homeless and street-involved youth. Key findings indicate that the apparent erosion of mental health variables, including resilience, occurs as a function of how long the youths have been without stable housing. Finally, those youths' perceived resilience was associated with less suicidal ideation whereas higher psychological distress was associated with higher suicidal ideation, even when accounting for resiliency.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1095-9254\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cleverley, Kristin\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kidd, Sean A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Canadian Institutes of Health Research/Canada\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2010/12/03\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Adolesc. 2011 Oct;34(5):1049-54. doi: 10.1016/j.adolescence.2010.11.003. Epub 2010 Dec 3.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychiatry and Behavioural Neurosciences, Offord Centre for Child Studies, McMaster University, Patterson Building, Room 206, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada L8S3Z5. cleverk@mcmaster.ca\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Collins, K. R. L.\line %A Legendre, M. N.\line %A Stritzke, W. G. K.\line %A Page, A. C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Experimentally-enhanced perceptions of meaning confer resilience to the interpersonal adversity implicated in suicide risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Behav Ther Exp Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 61\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 142-149\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20180729\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Dec\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Experimentally-enhanced perceptions of meaning confer resilience to the interpersonal adversity implicated in suicide risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0005-7916\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jbtep.2018.07.004\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 30081255\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Feedback, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Interpersonal Relations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Social Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Experimental psychopathology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Interpersonal theory of suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Life-sustaining factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Meaning and purpose\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The interpersonal theory of suicide proposes that perceived burdensomeness and thwarted belongingness (PB-TB) are proximal causes of suicidal desire. Here we test whether experimentally induced perceptions of meaningfulness can confer resilience against interpersonal adversity and enhance persistence, the erosion of which is a potential antecedent to suicide risk. METHODS: Undergraduate university students (N\u8239?=\u8239?93) were randomly allocated to complete a team task under conditions of high or low task-extrinsic meaning and high or low PB-TB. Participants in the high task-extrinsic meaning condition were given the opportunity to donate to a charity as part of their experimental participation, whereas those in the low task-extrinsic meaning condition were not. RESULTS: Consistent with the buffering hypothesis that suicide resilience is active only when adversity is heightened, participants in the high task-extrinsic meaning condition who reported higher levels of perceived meaningfulness displayed greater willingness to persist in the face of experimentally-induced high PB and TB compared to those in the low task-extrinsic meaning condition and those in conditions where the interpersonal adversity was not induced (low PB and TB). LIMITATIONS: The meaning induction was effective only in a subset of participants. The dual induction of PB and TB also precludes inferences about their independent causal effects on willingness to persist. CONCLUSIONS: Meaning-making interventions may attenuate the impact of proximal interpersonal antecedents of suicidal desire. Enhancing resilience in this manner can potentially improve the efficacy of prevention efforts beyond the direct amelioration of suicide risk factors.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1873-7943\par }
{\f1\fs22 Collins, Khan R L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Legendre, Melissa N\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stritzke, Werner G K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Page, Andrew C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Netherlands\par }
{\f1\fs22 2018/08/07\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Behav Ther Exp Psychiatry. 2018 Dec;61:142-149. doi: 10.1016/j.jbtep.2018.07.004. Epub 2018 Jul 29.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ University of Western Australia, Australia. Electronic address: khan.collins@graduate.uwa.edu.au.\par }
{\f1\fs22 University of Western Australia, Australia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Collins, Khan R. L.\line %A Legendre, Melissa N.\line %A Stritzke, Werner G. K.\line %A Page, Andrew C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Experimentally-enhanced perceptions of meaning confer resilience to the interpersonal adversity implicated in suicide risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Journal of Behavior Therapy and Experimental Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 61\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 142-149\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Experimentally-enhanced perceptions of meaning confer resilience to the interpersonal adversity implicated in suicide risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0005-7916\par }
{\f1\fs22 1873-7943\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jbtep.2018.07.004\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2018-41944-021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Interpersonal theory of suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Experimental psychopathology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Meaning and purpose\par }
{\f1\fs22 Life-sustaining factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Meaning\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adversity\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background and Objectives: The interpersonal theory of suicide proposes that perceived burdensomeness and thwarted belongingness (PB-TB) are proximal causes of suicidal desire. Here we test whether experimentally induced perceptions of meaningfulness can confer resilience against interpersonal adversity and enhance persistence, the erosion of which is a potential antecedent to suicide risk. Methods: Undergraduate university students (N = 93) were randomly allocated to complete a team task under conditions of high or low task-extrinsic meaning and high or low PB-TB. Participants in the high task-extrinsic meaning condition were given the opportunity to donate to a charity as part of their experimental participation, whereas those in the low task-extrinsic meaning condition were not. Results: Consistent with the buffering hypothesis that suicide resilience is active only when adversity is heightened, participants in the high task-extrinsic meaning condition who reported higher levels of perceived meaningfulness displayed greater willingness to persist in the face of experimentally-induced high PB and TB compared to those in the low task-extrinsic meaning condition and those in conditions where the interpersonal adversity was not induced (low PB and TB). Limitations: The meaning induction was effective only in a subset of participants. The dual induction of PB and TB also precludes inferences about their independent causal effects on willingness to persist. Conclusions: Meaning-making interventions may attenuate the impact of proximal interpersonal antecedents of suicidal desire. Enhancing resilience in this manner can potentially improve the efficacy of prevention efforts beyond the direct amelioration of suicide risk factors. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z University of Western Australia, Crawley, WAU, Australia. Release Date: 20180906. Correction Date: 20190211. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Meaning; Resilience (Psychological); Suicide; Adversity. Classification: Behavior Disorders & Antisocial Behavior (3230). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: Australia. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300). Tests & Measures: Charitable Behavior Questionnaire; Need to Belong to the Team Scale; Interpersonal Needs Questionnaire DOI: 10.1037/t10483-000; Meaning in Life Questionnaire DOI: 10.1037/t01074-000; Self-Injurious Thoughts and Behaviors Interview DOI: 10.1037/t03674-000; Kessler Psychological Distress Scale DOI: 10.1037/t08324-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. References Available: Y. Page Count: 8. Issue Publication Date: Dec, 2018. Publication History: First Posted Date: Jul 29, 2018; Accepted Date: Jul 27, 2018; Revised Date: Jul 6, 2018; First Submitted Date: Feb 4, 2018. Copyright Statement: All rights reserved. Elsevier Ltd. 2018.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2018-41944-021&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0003-3133-2844\par }
{\f1\fs22 khan.collins@graduate.uwa.edu.au\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Collins, Khan R. L., School of Psychological Science, University of Western Australia, M304, 35 Stirling Highway, Crawley, WAU, Australia, 6009\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Cong, E. Z.\line %A Wu, Y.\line %A Cai, Y. Y.\line %A Chen, H. Y.\line %A Xu, Y. F.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T [Association of suicidal ideation with family environment and psychological resilience in adolescents]\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Zhongguo Dang Dai Er Ke Za Zhi\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 21\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 5\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 479-484\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 May\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! [Association of suicidal ideation with family environment and psychological resilience in adolescents]\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1008-8830 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1008-8830\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.7499/j.issn.1008-8830.2019.05.016\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC7389414\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 31104667\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Case-Control Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 China\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVE: To study the association of suicidal ideation with family environment and psychological resilience in adolescents. METHODS: Cluster sampling was used to perform an investigation among 3\u8201?230 junior and senior high school students in Xinxiang of Henan Province, China December 2014. A general social information questionnaire, 11-Item Kutcher Adolescent Depression Scale(KADS-11), Family Environment Scale-Chinese Version (FES-CV) and Connor-Davidson Resilience Scale (CD-RISC; Chinese version ) were used for evaluation. A multivariate logistic regression analysis and a case-control study were used to investigate the association of suicidal ideation with family environment and psychological resilience in adolescents. RESULTS: A total of 2\u8201?960 usable questionnaires were received. Among the 2\u8201?960 adolescents, 247 (8.50%) had suicidal ideation (98 boys and 149 girls). The multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that after adjustment for age and sex, single-parent/remarried family was associated with an increased risk of suicidal ideation (OR=2.655). Suicidal ideation in boys was negatively correlated with family cohesion (OR=0.750, P<0.001) and organization (OR=0.855, P=0.036) and was positively correlated with family conflict (OR=1.159, P=0.017). Suicidal ideation in girls were negatively correlated with family cohesion (OR=0.771, P<0.001), emotional expression (OR=0.815, P=0.001) and intellectual-cultural orientation (OR=0.915, P=0.037). The adolescents with suicidal ideation had a significantly lower total score of psychological resilience than those without suicidal ideation (P<0.05). Compared with those without suicidal ideation, the adolescents with suicidal ideation had significantly lower scores on 4 factors of the CD-RISC (ability, tolerance of negative emotions, acceptance of changes and control) (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Family cohesion is a protective factor against suicidal ideation in adolescents. Family organization in boys and family emotional expression in girls are associated with a decreased risk of suicidal ideation. Enhanced psychological resilience may help to reduce the incidence of suicide ideation in adolescents.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Publisher: Abstract available from the publisher.\par }
{\f1\fs22 chi\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Cong, En-Zhao\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wu, Yan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cai, Yi-Yun\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chen, Hai-Ying\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xu, Yi-Feng\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/05/21\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zhongguo Dang Dai Er Ke Za Zhi. 2019 May;21(5):479-484. doi: 10.7499/j.issn.1008-8830.2019.05.016.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7389414/pdf/zgddekzz-21-5-479.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0951655022/Cong-2019-[Association of suicidal ideation wi.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Shanghai Mental Health Center, Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine, Shanghai 200030, China. hyyyyb@gmail.com.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G chi\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Coppersmith, D. D. L.\line %A Kleiman, E. M.\line %A Glenn, C. R.\line %A Millner, A. J.\line %A Nock, M. K.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The dynamics of social support among suicide attempters: A smartphone-based daily diary study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Behav Res Ther\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 120\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 103348\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20181211\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Sep\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The dynamics of social support among suicide attempters: A smartphone-based daily diary study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0005-7967\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.brat.2018.11.016\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 30594300\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Diaries as Topic\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Multilevel Analysis\par }
{\f1\fs22 Protective Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Smartphone\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Daily-diary\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Decades of research suggest that social support is an important factor in predicting suicide risk and resilience. However, no studies have examined dynamic fluctuations in day-by-day levels of perceived social support. We examined such fluctuations over 28 days among a sample of 53 adults who attempted suicide in the past year (992 total observations). Variability in social support was analyzed with between-person intraclass correlations and root mean square of successive differences. Multi-level models were conducted to determine the association between social support and suicidal ideation. Results revealed that social support varies considerably from day to day with 45% of social support ratings differing by at least one standard deviation from the prior assessment. Social support is inversely associated with same-day and next-day suicidal ideation, but not with next-day suicidal ideation after adjusting for same-day suicidal ideation (i.e., not with daily changes in suicidal ideation). These results suggest that social support is a time-varying protective factor for suicidal ideation.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1873-622x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Coppersmith, Daniel D L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kleiman, Evan M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Glenn, Catherine R\par }
{\f1\fs22 Millner, Alexander J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nock, Matthew K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2018/12/31\par }
{\f1\fs22 Behav Res Ther. 2019 Sep;120:103348. doi: 10.1016/j.brat.2018.11.016. Epub 2018 Dec 11.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Harvard University, USA. Electronic address: dcoppersmith@g.harvard.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Harvard University, USA. Electronic address: ekleiman@fas.harvard.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 University of Rochester, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Harvard University, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Corona, C. D.\line %A Van Orden, K. A.\line %A Wisco, B. E.\line %A Pietrzak, R. H.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Meaning in life moderates the association between morally injurious experiences and suicide ideation among U.S. combat veterans: Results from the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychol Trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 11\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 6\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 614-620\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20190530\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Sep\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Meaning in life moderates the association between morally injurious experiences and suicide ideation among U.S. combat veterans: Results from the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1942-9681 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1942-969x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1037/tra0000475\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC6722007\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS1034271\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 31144841\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aged, 80 and over\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health Surveys\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Interpersonal Relations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Morals\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychological Trauma/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Social Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Veterans/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *War Exposure\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVE: Effectively responding to suicide risk among veterans involves further developing understanding of reactions to combat experiences, including life-threatening events, traumatic losses, and morally injurious experiences. An important determinant of whether stressors lead to poor mental health outcomes is the perception of meaning. The current study aimed to determine whether global meaning (i.e., general beliefs, goals, and sense of purpose in life) moderates the relationship between morally injurious experiences and suicide ideation among combat veterans. METHOD: This analysis examined 564 participants in the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study, which surveyed a nationally representative sample of U.S. military veterans, who reported a history of deployment to a combat zone. Multivariable logistic regressions examined interactions between morally injurious experiences and global meaning as predictors of the likelihood of current suicide ideation. RESULTS: There were significant interactions between global meaning and 2 morally injurious experience subtypes-transgressions by others and betrayal experiences. Higher global meaning was associated with significantly lower likelihood of experiencing suicide ideation at higher levels of transgression by others and betrayal experiences. CONCLUSIONS: Veterans who report higher levels of morally injurious experiences involving transgressions by others and betrayal experiences in the presence of higher levels of global meaning are significantly less likely to experience suicide ideation. Continued research is needed to determine whether interventions aimed at cultivating global meaning may help mitigate suicide risk in combat veterans with high exposure to certain potentially morally injurious experiences. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved).\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1942-969x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Corona, Christopher D\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-4608-5287\par }
{\f1\fs22 Van Orden, Kimberly A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wisco, Blair E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pietrzak, Robert H\par }
{\f1\fs22 US Department of Veterans Affairs; National Center for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder/\par }
{\f1\fs22 US Department of Veterans Affairs; Office of Academic Affiliations/\par }
{\f1\fs22 Canandaigua Veterans Affairs Medical Center; VISN 2 Center of Excellence for Suicide Prevention/\par }
{\f1\fs22 P30 AG021342/AG/NIA NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/05/31\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychol Trauma. 2019 Sep;11(6):614-620. doi: 10.1037/tra0000475. Epub 2019 May 30.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6722007/pdf/nihms-1034271.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3934262085/Corona-2019-Meaning in life moderates the asso.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ VISN 2 Center of Excellence for Suicide Prevention.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Veterans Affairs National Center for PTSD.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Thesis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Covello, Christin\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2013\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Uncovering risks, strengths, & resiliency factors of self-injuring and non-self-injuring youth in residential treatment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I ProQuest Information & Learning\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 73\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Uncovering risks, strengths, & resiliency factors of self-injuring and non-self-injuring youth in residential treatment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2013-99060-496\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K risk factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 physical strength\par }
{\f1\fs22 resiliency factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 self injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 residential treatment\par }
{\f1\fs22 data collection\par }
{\f1\fs22 Residential Care Institutions\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The purpose of this study was to uncover the strengths, resiliency, protective and risk factors of adolescents in residential treatment who self-injure compared to those who do not self-injure. Differences between female and male adolescents were also compared based on the 23 participants. The participants included in the study were residing in a residential treatment facility in the Rocky Mountain Region at the time of data collection. Results of the data analysis demonstrated that adolescents who disclosed a history of self-injury were more likely to have lower scores on the protective scales than those participants who did not disclose a history of self-injury. Participants who self-injured also had higher scores on the risk factors. Females had higher scores for the strengths factors than males. Differences discovered on the 14 subscales are also discussed as well as responses from participants who were able to stop self-injuring and what factors allowed them to refrain from engaging in self-injury. The four main scores were also correlated and reported. A summary, implications and recommendations for further research are provided. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 2013-99060-496. Other Journal Title: Dissertation Abstracts International. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Covello, Christin; U Wyoming, US. Release Date: 20130520. Publication Type: Dissertation Abstract (0400). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Dissertation. Dissertation Number: AAI3507323. ISBN: 978-1-267-32307-1. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Physical Strength; Residential Care Institutions; Resilience (Psychological); Self-Injurious Behavior. Minor Descriptor: Data Collection; Risk Factors. Classification: Health & Mental Health Treatment & Prevention (3300). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: US. Age Group: Adolescence (13-17 yrs) (200). Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2013-99060-496&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1970321185/Uncovering_risks,_strengths,_&.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A De Berardis, D.\line %A Fornaro, M.\line %A Valchera, A.\line %A Rapini, G.\line %A Di Natale, S.\line %A De Lauretis, I.\line %A Serroni, N.\line %A Orsolini, L.\line %A Tomasetti, C.\line %A Bustini, M.\line %A Carano, A.\line %A Vellante, F.\line %A Perna, G.\line %A Core, L.\line %A Alessandrini, M.\line %A Fraticelli, S.\line %A Martinotti, G.\line %A Di Giannantonio, M.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Alexithymia, resilience, somatic sensations and their relationships with suicide ideation in drug na\u239?ve patients with first-episode major depression: An exploratory study in the "real world" everyday clinical practice\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Early Interv Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 14\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 336-342\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20190811\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jun\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Alexithymia, resilience, somatic sensations and their relationships with suicide ideation in drug na\u239?ve patients with first-episode major depression: An exploratory study in the "real world" everyday clinical practice\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1751-7885\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1111/eip.12863\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 31402575\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Affective Symptoms/*complications\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depressive Disorder, Major/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Outpatients\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pharmaceutical Preparations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sensation\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 alexithymia\par }
{\f1\fs22 emotions\par }
{\f1\fs22 major depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X AIM: The present study is aimed at revaluating alexithymia, somatic sensations, resilience and their relationships with suicide ideation in drug na\u239?ve adult outpatients suffering from first episode major depression (MD). METHODS: Data of 103 adult outpatients (49 men, 56 women) with a diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders, 4th edition, text revision (DSM-IV-TR) diagnosis of MD were analysed. Alexithymia was measured using the 20-item Toronto Alexithymia Scale (TAS-20) and resilience with the 25 items Connor-Davidson Resilience Scale (CD-RISC) whereas depression was evaluated using the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, somatic sensations with the Body Sensations Questionnaire and suicide ideation with Scale of Suicide Ideation (SSI). RESULTS: Gender comparisons between all demographic and clinical variables showed no significant differences in all variables. Subjects who were found positive for alexithymia showed higher scores on all clinical variables controlling for age, gender and duration of the current episode. In a linear regression model, lower scores on CD-RISC and Difficulty in Identifying Feelings dimension of TAS-20 were significantly predictive of higher scores on SSI. CONCLUSIONS: Alexithymia and low resilience were significant predictors of increased suicide ideation in a first MD episode. However, study limitations must be considered and future research needs are being discussed.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1751-7893\par }
{\f1\fs22 De Berardis, Domenico\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-4415-5058\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fornaro, Michele\par }
{\f1\fs22 Valchera, Alessandro\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rapini, Gabriella\par }
{\f1\fs22 Di Natale, Serena\par }
{\f1\fs22 De Lauretis, Ida\par }
{\f1\fs22 Serroni, Nicola\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orsolini, Laura\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tomasetti, Carmine\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bustini, Massimiliano\par }
{\f1\fs22 Carano, Alessandro\par }
{\f1\fs22 Vellante, Federica\par }
{\f1\fs22 Perna, Giampaolo\par }
{\f1\fs22 Core, Laura\par }
{\f1\fs22 Alessandrini, Marco\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fraticelli, Silvia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Martinotti, Giovanni\par }
{\f1\fs22 Di Giannantonio, Massimo\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Australia\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/08/14\par }
{\f1\fs22 Early Interv Psychiatry. 2020 Jun;14(3):336-342. doi: 10.1111/eip.12863. Epub 2019 Aug 11.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ NHS, Department of Mental Health, Psychiatric Service of Diagnosis and Treatment, Hospital "G. Mazzini," ASL 4, Teramo, Italy.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Neurosciences and Imaging, Chair of Psychiatry, University "G. D'Annunzio", Chieti, Italy.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Neuroscience, Reproductive Science and Odontostolmatology, Section of Psychiatry, University School of Medicine Federico II, Naples, Italy.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Polyedra Research Group, Teramo, Italy.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Life and Medical Sciences, University of Hertfordshire, Hatfield, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Villa S. Giuseppe Hospital, Hermanas Hospitalarias, Ascoli Piceno, Italy.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Laboratory of Molecular Psychiatry and Psychopharmacotherapeutics, Section of Psychiatry, Department of Neuroscience, University School of Medicine "Federico II", Naples, Italy.\par }
{\f1\fs22 NHS, Department of Mental Health, Rieti, Italy.\par }
{\f1\fs22 NHS, Department of Mental Health, Psychiatric Service of Diagnosis and Treatment, Hospital "Madonna Del Soccorso", San Benedetto del Tronto, Italy.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hermanas Hospitalarias, FoRiPsi, Department of Clinical Neurosciences, Villa San Benedetto Menni, Albese con Cassano, Italy.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry and Neuropsychology, University of Maastricht, Maastricht, The Netherlands.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Leonard Miller School of Medicine, University of Miami, Miami, Florida.\par }
{\f1\fs22 NHS, Department of Mental Health, Center of Mental Health, ASL 4, Giulianova, Italy.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Dimick, M. K.\line %A Hird, M. A.\line %A Sultan, A. A.\line %A Mitchell, R. H. B.\line %A Sinyor, M.\line %A MacIntosh, B. J.\line %A Goldstein, B. I.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resting-state functional connectivity indicators of risk and resilience for self-harm in adolescent bipolar disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychological Medicine\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 10\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article; Early Access\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resting-state functional connectivity indicators of risk and resilience for self-harm in adolescent bipolar disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O Psychol. Med.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0033-2917\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1017/s0033291721005419\par }
{\f1\fs22 %] Pii s0033291721005419\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000765594400001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K adolescence\par }
{\f1\fs22 bipolar disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 functional MRI\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 school-age-children\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 schizophrenia\par }
{\f1\fs22 reliability\par }
{\f1\fs22 schedule\par }
{\f1\fs22 cortex\par }
{\f1\fs22 validity\par }
{\f1\fs22 history\par }
{\f1\fs22 reward\par }
{\f1\fs22 scale\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background Suicide is the second leading cause of death in all youth and among adults with bipolar disorder (BD). The risk of suicide in BD is among the highest of all psychiatric conditions. Self-harm, including suicide attempts and non-suicidal self-injury, is a leading risk factor for suicide. Neuroimaging studies suggest reward circuits are implicated in both BD and self-harm; however, studies have yet to examine self-harm related resting-state functional connectivity (rsFC) phenotypes within adolescent BD. Methods Resting-state fMRI data were analyzed for 141 adolescents, ages 13-20 years, including 38 with BD and lifetime self-harm (BDSH+), 33 with BD and no self-harm (BDSH-), and 70 healthy controls (HC). The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC), orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) and amygdala were examined as regions of interest in seed-to-voxel analyses. A general linear model was used to explore the bivariate correlations for each seed. Results BDSH- had increased positive rsFC between the left amygdala and left lateral occipital cortex, and between the right dlPFC and right frontal pole, and increased negative rsFC between the left amygdala and left superior frontal gyrus compared to BDSH+ and HC. BDSH+ had increased positive rsFC of the right OFC with the precuneus and left paracingulate gyrus compared to BDSH- and HC. Conclusions This study provides preliminary evidence of altered reward-related rsFC in relation to self-harm in adolescents with BD. Between-group differences conveyed a combination of putative risk and resilience connectivity patterns. Future studies are warranted to evaluate changes in rsFC in response to treatment and related changes in self-harm.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: ZO2XX\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 0\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 44\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      Ambrosi E, 2019, J NEUROPSYCH CLIN N, V31, P49, DOI 10.1176/appi.neuropsych.17120351\par }
{\f1\fs22      Auerbach RP, 2021, BIOL PSYCHIAT, V89, P119, DOI 10.1016/j.biopsych.2020.06.002\par }
{\f1\fs22      Axelson D, 2003, J CHILD ADOL PSYCHOP, V13, P463, DOI 10.1089/104454603322724850\par }
{\f1\fs22      Axelson D, 2006, ARCH GEN PSYCHIAT, V63, P1139, DOI 10.1001/archpsyc.63.10.1139\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bani-Fatemi A, 2018, PSYCHIAT RES-NEUROIM, V278, P77, DOI 10.1016/j.pscychresns.2018.05.008\par }
{\f1\fs22      Caceda R, 2018, J CLIN PSYCHIAT, V79, DOI 10.4088/JCP.17m11901\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cavanna AE, 2006, BRAIN, V129, P564, DOI 10.1093/brain/awl004\par }
{\f1\fs22      Centers for Disease Control and Prevention & National Center for Injury Prevention and Control, 2017, WISQARS 10 LEAD CAUS\par }
{\f1\fs22      CHAMBERS WJ, 1985, ARCH GEN PSYCHIAT, V42, P696\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cheng XF, 2021, BIPOLAR DISORD, V23, P474, DOI 10.1111/bdi.13012\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cullen KR, 2020, PROG NEURO-PSYCHOPH, V99, DOI 10.1016/j.pnpbp.2019.109778\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cvinar JG, 2005, PERSPECT PSYCHIATR C, V41, P14, DOI 10.1111/j.0031-5990.2005.00004.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Dickstein DP, 2010, BIOL PSYCHIAT, V68, P839, DOI 10.1016/j.biopsych.2010.06.029\par }
{\f1\fs22      du Boisgueheneuc F, 2006, BRAIN, V129, P3315, DOI 10.1093/brain/awl244\par }
{\f1\fs22      Fervaha G, 2015, NEUROPSYCHOPHARMACOL, V40, P1539, DOI 10.1038/npp.2015.3\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gao WJ, 2014, BMC PSYCHIATRY, V14, DOI 10.1186/s12888-014-0222-y\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gifuni AJ, 2021, J PSYCHIATR NEUROSCI, V46, pE347, DOI 10.1503/jpn.200198\par }
{\f1\fs22      Haber SN, 2010, NEUROPSYCHOPHARMACOL, V35, P4, DOI 10.1038/npp.2009.129\par }
{\f1\fs22      Henry Chantal, 2012, Front Biosci (Elite Ed), V4, P2622\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ho TC, 2021, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V278, P650, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2020.09.046\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ho TC, 2018, SOC COGN AFFECT NEUR, V13, P1215, DOI 10.1093/scan/nsy089\par }
{\f1\fs22      Huber RS, 2020, BIPOLAR DISORD, V22, P193, DOI 10.1111/bdi.12886\par }
{\f1\fs22      Jollant F, 2008, AM J PSYCHIAT, V165, P740, DOI 10.1176/appi.ajp.2008.07081239\par }
{\f1\fs22      Jollant F, 2010, NEUROIMAGE, V51, P1275, DOI 10.1016/j.neuroimage.2010.03.027\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kaufman J, 1997, J AM ACAD CHILD PSY, V36, P980, DOI 10.1097/00004583-199707000-00021\par }
{\f1\fs22      KELLER MB, 1987, ARCH GEN PSYCHIAT, V44, P540\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kennerley SW, 2011, BEHAV NEUROSCI, V125, P297, DOI 10.1037/a0023575\par }
{\f1\fs22      Latalova K, 2014, PSYCHIAT DANUB, V26, P108\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lewitzka U, 2015, INT J BIPOLAR DISORD, V3, DOI 10.1186/s40345-015-0032-2\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mars B, 2019, LANCET PSYCHIAT, V6, P327, DOI 10.1016/S2215-0366(19)30030-6\par }
{\f1\fs22      Muehlenkamp Jennifer J, 2012, Child Adolesc Psychiatry Ment Health, V6, P10, DOI 10.1186/1753-2000-6-10\par }
{\f1\fs22      PETERSEN AC, 1988, J YOUTH ADOLESCENCE, V17, P117, DOI 10.1007/BF01537962\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ridderinkhof KR, 2004, BRAIN COGNITION, V56, P129, DOI 10.1016/j.bandc.2004.09.016\par }
{\f1\fs22      Schaffer A, 2015, AUST NZ J PSYCHIAT, V49, P785, DOI 10.1177/0004867415594427\par }
{\f1\fs22      Schmaal L, 2020, MOL PSYCHIATR, V25, P408, DOI 10.1038/s41380-019-0587-x\par }
{\f1\fs22      SHAFFER D, 1983, ARCH GEN PSYCHIAT, V40, P1228\par }
{\f1\fs22      Singh MK, 2015, J AM ACAD CHILD PSY, V54, P763, DOI 10.1016/j.jaac.2015.06.016\par }
{\f1\fs22      Stoddard J, 2015, PSYCHIAT RES-NEUROIM, V231, P120, DOI 10.1016/j.pscychresns.2014.11.006\par }
{\f1\fs22      Tang YQ, 2018, BMC PSYCHIATRY, V18, DOI 10.1186/s12888-018-1732-9\par }
{\f1\fs22      Tondo L, 2003, CNS DRUGS, V17, P491, DOI 10.2165/00023210-200317070-00003\par }
{\f1\fs22      Van Dijk KRA, 2010, J NEUROPHYSIOL, V103, P297, DOI 10.1152/jn.00783.2009\par }
{\f1\fs22      Weissman MM, 2000, ARCH GEN PSYCHIAT, V57, P675, DOI 10.1001/archpsyc.57.7.675\par }
{\f1\fs22      Whitfield-Gabrieli S, 2012, BRAIN CONNECT, V2, P125, DOI 10.1089/brain.2012.0073\par }
{\f1\fs22      Xiao Q, 2013, PLOS ONE, V8, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0057978\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dimick, Mikaela K. Hird, Megan A. Sultan, Alysha A. Mitchell, Rachel H. B. Sinyor, Mark MacIntosh, Bradley J. Goldstein, Benjamin, I\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dimick, Mikaela/0000-0001-8371-1585\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ontario Mental Health Foundation (OMHF); Canadian Institutes of Health Research [CIHR MOP 136947]; Brain & Behavior Research Foundation; Brain Canada; Canadian Institutes of Health Research; Heart & Stroke Foundation; National Institute of Mental Health; University of Toronto; departments of psychiatry of Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre\par }
{\f1\fs22 This study was funded by the Ontario Mental Health Foundation (B.G., OMHF) and the Canadian Institutes of Health Research (B.G., CIHR MOP 136947). Dr Goldstein acknowledges research support from the Brain & Behavior Research Foundation, Brain Canada, Canadian Institutes of Health Research, the Heart & Stroke Foundation, the National Institute of Mental Health, and the departments of psychiatry of Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre and the University of Toronto.\par }
{\f1\fs22 0\par }
{\f1\fs22 8\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cambridge univ press\par }
{\f1\fs22 New york\par }
{\f1\fs22 1469-8978\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000765594400001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Dimick, Mikaela K.; Sultan, Alysha A.; Goldstein, Benjamin, I] Ctr Addict & Mental Hlth, Ctr Youth Bipolar Disorder, Toronto, ON, Canada. [Dimick, Mikaela K.; Sultan, Alysha A.; Goldstein, Benjamin, I] Univ Toronto, Dept Pharmacol & Toxicol, Temerty Fac Med, Toronto, ON, Canada. [Dimick, Mikaela K.; Sultan, Alysha A.; MacIntosh, Bradley J.; Goldstein, Benjamin, I] Sunnybrook Hlth Sci Ctr, Hurvitz Brain Sci, Toronto, ON, Canada. [Hird, Megan A.] Univ Toronto, MD Program, Temerty Fac Med, Toronto, ON, Canada. [Mitchell, Rachel H. B.; Sinyor, Mark; Goldstein, Benjamin, I] Univ Toronto, Dept Psychiat, Temerty Fac Med, Toronto, ON, Canada. [Mitchell, Rachel H. B.; Sinyor, Mark] Sunnybrook Hlth Sci Ctr, Dept Psychiat, Toronto, ON, Canada. [MacIntosh, Bradley J.] Univ Toronto, Dept Med Biophys, Temerty Fac Med, Toronto, ON, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Goldstein, BI (corresponding author), Ctr Addict & Mental Hlth, Ctr Youth Bipolar Disorder, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Goldstein, BI (corresponding author), Univ Toronto, Dept Pharmacol & Toxicol, Temerty Fac Med, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Goldstein, BI (corresponding author), Sunnybrook Hlth Sci Ctr, Hurvitz Brain Sci, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Goldstein, BI (corresponding author), Univ Toronto, Dept Psychiat, Temerty Fac Med, Toronto, ON, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 benjamin.goldstein@camh.ca\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Dimick, M. K.\line %A Hird, M. A.\line %A Sultan, A. A.\line %A Mitchell, R. H. B.\line %A Sinyor, M.\line %A MacIntosh, B. J.\line %A Goldstein, B. I.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resting-state functional connectivity indicators of risk and resilience for self-harm in adolescent bipolar disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychol Med\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1-10\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20220308\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar 8\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resting-state functional connectivity indicators of risk and resilience for self-harm in adolescent bipolar disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0033-2917\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1017/s0033291721005419\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 35256032\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K adolescence\par }
{\f1\fs22 bipolar disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 functional MRI\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Suicide is the second leading cause of death in all youth and among adults with bipolar disorder (BD). The risk of suicide in BD is among the highest of all psychiatric conditions. Self-harm, including suicide attempts and non-suicidal self-injury, is a leading risk factor for suicide. Neuroimaging studies suggest reward circuits are implicated in both BD and self-harm; however, studies have yet to examine self-harm related resting-state functional connectivity (rsFC) phenotypes within adolescent BD. METHODS: Resting-state fMRI data were analyzed for 141 adolescents, ages 13-20 years, including 38 with BD and lifetime self-harm (BDSH+), 33 with BD and no self-harm (BDSH-), and 70 healthy controls (HC). The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC), orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) and amygdala were examined as regions of interest in seed-to-voxel analyses. A general linear model was used to explore the bivariate correlations for each seed. RESULTS: BDSH- had increased positive rsFC between the left amygdala and left lateral occipital cortex, and between the right dlPFC and right frontal pole, and increased negative rsFC between the left amygdala and left superior frontal gyrus compared to BDSH+ and HC. BDSH+ had increased positive rsFC of the right OFC with the precuneus and left paracingulate gyrus compared to BDSH- and HC. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides preliminary evidence of altered reward-related rsFC in relation to self-harm in adolescents with BD. Between-group differences conveyed a combination of putative risk and resilience connectivity patterns. Future studies are warranted to evaluate changes in rsFC in response to treatment and related changes in self-harm.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1469-8978\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dimick, Mikaela K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0001-8371-1585\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hird, Megan A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sultan, Alysha A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mitchell, Rachel H B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sinyor, Mark\par }
{\f1\fs22 MacIntosh, Bradley J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Goldstein, Benjamin I\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2022/03/09\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychol Med. 2022 Mar 8:1-10. doi: 10.1017/S0033291721005419.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.cambridge.org/core/services/aop-cambridge-core/content/view/CDEDDB7DF9390AE0D3851E4770A243FF/S0033291721005419a.pdf/div-class-title-resting-state-functional-connectivity-indicators-of-risk-and-resilience-for-self-harm-in-adolescent-bipolar-disorder-div.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1639728626/Dimick-2022-Resting-state functional connectiv.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Centre for Youth Bipolar Disorder, Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, University of Toronto Temerty Faculty of Medicine, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hurvitz Brain Sciences, Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 MD Program, University of Toronto Temerty Faculty of Medicine, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, University of Toronto Temerty Faculty of Medicine, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Medical Biophysics, University of Toronto Temerty Faculty of Medicine, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Dimick, Mikaela K.\line %A Hird, Megan A.\line %A Sultan, Alysha A.\line %A Mitchell, Rachel H. B.\line %A Sinyor, Mark\line %A MacIntosh, Bradley J.\line %A Goldstein, Benjamin I.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resting-state functional connectivity indicators of risk and resilience for self-harm in adolescent bipolar disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychological Medicine\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resting-state functional connectivity indicators of risk and resilience for self-harm in adolescent bipolar disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0033-2917\par }
{\f1\fs22 1469-8978\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1017/S0033291721005419\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2022-43112-001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K adolescence\par }
{\f1\fs22 bipolar disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 functional MRI\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 No terms assigned\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background Suicide is the second leading cause of death in all youth and among adults with bipolar disorder (BD). The risk of suicide in BD is among the highest of all psychiatric conditions. Self-harm, including suicide attempts and non-suicidal self-injury, is a leading risk factor for suicide. Neuroimaging studies suggest reward circuits are implicated in both BD and self-harm; however, studies have yet to examine self-harm related resting-state functional connectivity (rsFC) phenotypes within adolescent BD. Methods Resting-state fMRI data were analyzed for 141 adolescents, ages 13\u8211?20 years, including 38 with BD and lifetime self-harm (BDSH+), 33 with BD and no self-harm (BDSH\u8722?), and 70 healthy controls (HC). The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC), orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) and amygdala were examined as regions of interest in seed-to-voxel analyses. A general linear model was used to explore the bivariate correlations for each seed. Results BDSH\u8722? had increased positive rsFC between the left amygdala and left lateral occipital cortex, and between the right dlPFC and right frontal pole, and increased negative rsFC between the left amygdala and left superior frontal gyrus compared to BDSH+ and HC. BDSH+ had increased positive rsFC of the right OFC with the precuneus and left paracingulate gyrus compared to BDSH\u8722? and HC. Conclusions This study provides preliminary evidence of altered reward-related rsFC in relation to self-harm in adolescents with BD. Between-group differences conveyed a combination of putative risk and resilience connectivity patterns. Future studies are warranted to evaluate changes in rsFC in response to treatment and related changes in self-harm. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Revised Date: Oct 29, 2021; First Submitted Date: Apr 5, 2021. Copyright Statement: The Author(s). 2022.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2022-43112-001&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0001-8371-1585\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Echebur\u250?a, Enrique\line %A Amor, Pedro J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Memoria traum\u225?tica: Estrategias de afrontamiento adaptativas e inadaptativas = Traumatic memories: Adaptive and maladaptive coping strategies\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Terapia Psicol\u243?gica\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 37\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 71-80\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Memoria traum\u225?tica: Estrategias de afrontamiento adaptativas e inadaptativas = Traumatic memories: Adaptive and maladaptive coping strategies\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0716-6184\par }
{\f1\fs22 0718-4808\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.4067/S0718-48082019000100071\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2019-56099-006\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K traumatic memories\par }
{\f1\fs22 adaptive coping skills\par }
{\f1\fs22 maladaptive coping\par }
{\f1\fs22 resiliency\par }
{\f1\fs22 post-traumatic growth.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Coping Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Posttraumatic Stress Disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 Posttraumatic Growth\par }
{\f1\fs22 Memory\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X In this paper the relationship between traumatic memories and coping skills to deal with them is analyzed. Traumatic memories are difficult to be integrated into the survivor\u8217?s life story and can significantly interfere with social, educational and occupational functioning. From a psychopathological point of view, a distinction between normal and traumatic memories is made. Adaptive coping skills to deal with traumatic memories, such as cognitive avoidance, therapeutic exposure to traumatic memories or forgiveness, are analyzed. But there is also maladaptive coping, such as nostalgia, hate and revenge feelings or self-destructive behaviors, which should be taken into account to explain the difficulties of recovery in some patients. Finally, the cognitive emotion regulation strategies and the role of resiliency and post-traumatic growth in some patients to cope with traumatic memories are examined. Implications of this study for future research in this field are commented upon. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 En este art\u237?culo se analiza la relaci\u243?n existente entre los recuerdos traum\u225?ticos y las posibles estrategias para hacerles frente. Los recuerdos traum\u225?ticos son dif\u237?ciles de integrar en la biograf\u237?a de las personas afectadas y pueden interferir de forma significativa en su funcionamiento social, acad\u233?mico y profesional. Se distingue psicopatol\u243?gicamente entre los recuerdos normales y los recuerdos traum\u225?ticos. Asimismo se analizan las estrategias de afrontamiento adaptativas, tales como la evitaci\u243?n cognitiva, la exposici\u243?n terap\u233?utica a los recuerdos traum\u225?ticos o la capacidad de perd\u243?n. Pero tambi\u233?n hay un afrontamiento inadaptativo (nostalgia, sentimientos de odio y de venganza o conductas autodestructivas) que puede dar cuenta de las dificultades de recuperaci\u243?n en algunos pacientes. Por \u250?ltimo, se examinan las estrategias de regulaci\u243?n emocional cognitiva y el papel de la resiliencia y del crecimiento postraum\u225?tico para afrontar los recuerdos traum\u225?ticos. Se comentan las implicaciones de este estudio para investigaciones futuras en esta \u225?rea. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Universidad del Pais Vasco (UPV/EHU), Facultad de Psicologia, San Sebastian, Spain. Release Date: 20191014. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: Spanish; CastilianMajor Descriptor: Coping Behavior; Posttraumatic Stress Disorder; Resilience (Psychological); Trauma; Posttraumatic Growth. Minor Descriptor: Memory. Classification: Neuroses & Anxiety Disorders (3215). Population: Human (10). Page Count: 10. Issue Publication Date: Apr, 2019. Publication History: Accepted Date: Nov 28, 2018; First Submitted Date: Apr 10, 2018. Copyright Statement: Sociedad Chilena de Psicolog\u237?a Cl\u237?nica. 2019.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2019-56099-006&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 enrique.echeburua@ehu.eus\par }
{\f1\fs22 https://www.scielo.cl/pdf/terpsicol/v37n1/0718-4808-terpsicol-37-01-0071.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3232404701/Echebur\u250?a-2019-Memoria traum\u225?tica_ Estrategias.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Echebur\u250?a, Enrique, Facultad de Psicologia, Universidad del Pais Vasco (UPV/EHU), Avda. de Tolosa, 70, 20018, San Sebastian, Spain\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Edwards, L. L.\line %A Torres Bernal, A.\line %A Hanley, S. M.\line %A Martin, S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience Factors and Suicide Risk for a Sample of Transgender Clients\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Fam Process\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 59\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1209-1224\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20190808\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Sep\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience Factors and Suicide Risk for a Sample of Transgender Clients\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0014-7370\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1111/famp.12479\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 31396965\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mediation Analysis\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Transgender Persons/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family Therapy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Minority Stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 Minority Stress Model\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Transgender\par }
{\f1\fs22 estr\u233?s de minor\u237?as\par }
{\f1\fs22 modelo de estr\u233?s de minor\u237?as\par }
{\f1\fs22 resiliencia\par }
{\f1\fs22 terapia familiar\par }
{\f1\fs22 transg\u233?nero\par }
{\f1\fs22 \u23478?\u24237?\u27835?\u30103?\par }
{\f1\fs22 \u23569?\u25968?\u26063?\u35028?\u21387?\u21147?\par }
{\f1\fs22 \u23569?\u25968?\u26063?\u35028?\u21387?\u21147?\u27169?\u22411?\par }
{\f1\fs22 \u25239?\u25387?\u21147?\par }
{\f1\fs22 \u36328?\u24615?\u21035?\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X This study explored how individual- and community-based resilience factors operated together in order to reduce risk of suicide for a sample of transgender therapy clients. We collected cross-sectional survey data from 106 transgender therapy clients at a local community center, including demographic information, experiences of relational support, participants' emotional stability, and risk for suicide. Results from our mediation analysis indicated that high levels of perceived relational support are related to reduced risk for suicide and that this happens by\u160?way of a person's emotional stability. Clinical implications for family therapists are discussed based on the significant indirect effect found in this study.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1545-5300\par }
{\f1\fs22 Edwards, Lindsay L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Torres Bernal, An\u237?bal\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hanley, Scotty M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Martin, Shannon\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/08/10\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fam Process. 2020 Sep;59(3):1209-1224. doi: 10.1111/famp.12479. Epub 2019 Aug 8.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Regis University, Thornton, CO.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Graduate School of Professional Psychology, University of Denver, Denver, CO.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Thesis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Elsdon, Ruth\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T A qualitative exploration of the experiences of women involved in sex work\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I ProQuest Information & Learning\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 82\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! A qualitative exploration of the experiences of women involved in sex work\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2021-27916-107\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Sex work\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child bonding\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sex industry\par }
{\f1\fs22 Foster Children\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stigma\par }
{\f1\fs22 Business\par }
{\f1\fs22 Denial\par }
{\f1\fs22 Empowerment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X This thesis explores lived experiences of women involved in sex work and is comprised of three parts: a literature review, research paper, and critical appraisal. The literature review is a meta-synthesis of the ways women involved in sex work cope with the associated stigma. It synthesised findings from 14 existing qualitative studies, identified through systematic searches of six online databases. Using a meta-ethnographic approach, three themes were identified: 1) denial: 'I do not do sex work'; 2) distancing: 'I do sex work but it's not me', and 3) defending: 'I do sex work but it's not that bad'. Findings identify particular strategies used within the sex work context, emphasising the importance of power and resilience in stigma coping. The research paper explores women's experiences of bonding with their children in the context of sex work. Six women were interviewed and interpretative phenomenological analysis (IPA) was used to identify four themes accounting for their bonding experiences: 1) the complex process of bonding; 2) 'I never felt like my baby was my baby': the impact of powerlessness on bonding; 3) 'give them the help that they need': the powerful impact of receiving help, and 4) new perspectives of the body and sex work in the light of motherhood. Findings emphasise the complex nature of bonding within this context, particularly highlighting the importance of empowerment and care. Implications for clinical psychology are discussed in relation to both the literature review and the research paper. Finally, the critical appraisal elaborates on some of the ethical and practical issues arising throughout the research, leading to a wider consideration of conducting research within the sex industry, particularly of a sensitive nature. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 2021-27916-107. Other Journal Title: Dissertation Abstracts International. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Elsdon, Ruth; Lancaster University (United Kingdom), United Kingdom. Release Date: 20210520. Publication Type: Dissertation Abstract (0400). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Dissertation. Dissertation Number: AAI28277972. ISBN: 979-8691270253. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Foster Children; Resilience (Psychological); Self-Injurious Behavior; Stigma; Sex Work. Minor Descriptor: Business; Denial; Empowerment. Classification: Industrial & Organizational Psychology (3600); Social Processes & Social Issues (2900). Population: Human (10). Methodology: Empirical Study; Interview; Qualitative Study.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2021-27916-107&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Fang, Q.\line %A Freedenthal, S.\line %A Osman, A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Validation of the Suicide Resilience Inventory-25 with American and Chinese college students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Suicide Life Threat Behav\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 45\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 51-64\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20140611\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Validation of the Suicide Resilience Inventory-25 with American and Chinese college students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0363-0234\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1111/sltb.12108\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 24916360\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Attitude\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Attitude to Death/ethnology\par }
{\f1\fs22 China\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Cultural Comparison\par }
{\f1\fs22 Factor Analysis, Statistical\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychometrics\par }
{\f1\fs22 Reproducibility of Results\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/ethnology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Universities\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X This study is the first to evaluate evidence for measurement invariance and the psychometric properties of the Suicide Resilience Inventory-25 (SRI-25; Osman et al., ) in college-age samples in both the United States and China. We found strong support for full measurement invariance of the three-factor structure of the SRI-25 in the U.S. (113 men and 238 women) and Chinese (121 men and 205 women) samples. In addition, we found that the U.S. sample scored significantly higher than the Chinese sample on all the individual scale scores. Composite scale reliability estimates ranged from moderate (\u961? = .83) to high (\u961? = .93) across the groups. Although not an aim of the current study, we examined estimates of internal consistency of the SRI-25 scales for men and women within each sample. Differential correlates of the SRI-25 scales were explored further for each sample. These results provide support for the use of the SRI-25 in U.S. and Chinese student samples.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1943-278x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fang, Qijuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Freedenthal, Stacey\par }
{\f1\fs22 Osman, Augustine\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Validation Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2014/06/12\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide Life Threat Behav. 2015 Feb;45(1):51-64. doi: 10.1111/sltb.12108. Epub 2014 Jun 11.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Psychology Department, Bowling Green State University, Bowling Green, OH, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Fanning, J. R.\line %A Pietrzak, R. H.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2013\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Suicidality among older male veterans in the United States: results from the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Psychiatr Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 47\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 11\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1766-75\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20130828\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Nov\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Suicidality among older male veterans in the United States: results from the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0022-3956\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jpsychires.2013.07.015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 23992768\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Activities of Daily Living\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aged, 80 and over\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aging/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depressive Disorder, Major/*epidemiology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health Surveys\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Logistic Models\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Multivariate Analysis\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/complications/epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Veterans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Older\par }
{\f1\fs22 Protective\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Older men have a higher rate of suicide than the general population, but little is known about the prevalence and correlates of suicidality among older male veterans. In this study, we evaluated the prevalence, and risk and protective factors associated with current suicidal ideation (SI) and past suicide attempt (SA) in a contemporary, nationally representative sample of older male veterans. We analyzed data from 1962 male veterans aged 60 or older who participated in the National Health and Resilience Veterans Survey (NHRVS) between October and December 2011. Bivariate analyses and multivariate logistic regression were used to evaluate risk and protective factors associated with current SI and past SA in the full sample, and separately among combat and non-combat veterans. Six percent of the sample reported past 2-week SI, and combat veterans were more likely to contemplate suicide (9.2%) than non-combat (4.0%) veterans. Lifetime SA was reported by 2.6% of respondents. Major depression and physical health difficulties were the strongest risk factors for SI in combat veterans, while generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) was the strongest risk factor for SI in non-combat veterans. Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) was independently associated with SI in both groups of veterans, and social connectedness was negatively related to SI in both groups. These results suggest that a significant proportion of older male veterans in the United States contemplates suicide, with higher rates of SI among combat than non-combat veterans. Interventions designed to mitigate psychological distress and physical difficulties, and to promote social connectedness may help mitigate suicidality risk in this population.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1879-1379\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fanning, Jennifer R\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pietrzak, Robert H\par }
{\f1\fs22 P30AG21342/AG/NIA NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2013/09/03\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Psychiatr Res. 2013 Nov;47(11):1766-75. doi: 10.1016/j.jpsychires.2013.07.015. Epub 2013 Aug 28.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ National Center for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder, Veterans Affairs Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven, CT, USA; Department of Psychiatry, Yale University School of Medicine, New Haven, CT, USA. Electronic address: Jennifer.fanning@yale.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Fedina, L.\line %A Nam, B.\line %A Jun, H. J.\line %A Shah, R.\line %A Von Mach, T.\line %A Bright, C. L.\line %A DeVylder, J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Moderating Effects of Resilience on Depression, Psychological Distress, and Suicidal Ideation Associated With Interpersonal Violence\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Interpers Violence\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 36\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3-4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P Np1335-1358np\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20171212\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Moderating Effects of Resilience on Depression, Psychological Distress, and Suicidal Ideation Associated With Interpersonal Violence\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0886-2605\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1177/0886260517746183\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 29295024\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Baltimore\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ethnicity\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Minority Groups\par }
{\f1\fs22 New York City\par }
{\f1\fs22 Philadelphia\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Psychological Distress\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Violence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ipv\par }
{\f1\fs22 depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 psychological distress\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 sexual violence\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Resilience has been found to attenuate the effects of negative mental health symptomology associated with interpersonal victimization; however, existing research has largely focused on resilience traits, such as individual cognitive and environmental factors that promote resilience. In addition, empirical knowledge on the extent to which resilience mitigates suicidal symptomology associated with interpersonal violence victimization is particularly limited. This study assesses whether the relationship between interpersonal violence (i.e., IPV and nonpartner sexual violence) and mental health symptomology (i.e., depression, psychological distress, and suicidal ideation) is moderated by resilience using a general population sample of women (N = 932). A cross-sectional, observational survey was administered in four U.S. cities (Baltimore, New York City, Philadelphia, and Washington, D.C.). Bivariate results indicated that women exposed to interpersonal violence reported significantly higher rates of suicidal ideation, depression, and psychological distress compared with women without exposure to interpersonal violence. Regression models revealed significant positive associations between interpersonal violence and depression, distress, and suicidal ideation, adjusting for sociodemographics. Resilience did not significantly moderate the relationship between interpersonal violence victimization and any associated mental health outcomes. However, subgroup analyses reveal significant interaction effects between resilience and IPV within specific racial and ethnic minority subgroups, suggesting that attenuating effects of resilience on mental health symptoms (i.e., depression and psychological distress) associated with IPV likely vary across race and ethnicity. Implications for future research and clinical interventions focused on resilience among survivors of interpersonal violence are discussed.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1552-6518\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fedina, Lisa\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nam, Boyoung\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jun, Hyun-Jin\par }
{\f1\fs22 Shah, Roma\par }
{\f1\fs22 Von Mach, Tara\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bright, Charlotte L\par }
{\f1\fs22 DeVylder, Jordan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Observational Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2018/01/04\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Interpers Violence. 2021 Feb;36(3-4):NP1335-1358NP. doi: 10.1177/0886260517746183. Epub 2017 Dec 12.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1177/0886260517746183?url_ver=Z39.88-2003&rfr_id=ori:rid:crossref.org&rfr_dat=cr_pub%3dpubmed\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ University of Maryland, Baltimore, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fordham University, Bronx, NY, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Fellows, R. P.\line %A Spahr, N. A.\line %A Byrd, D. A.\line %A Mindt, M. R.\line %A Morgello, S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Psychological trauma exposure and co-morbid psychopathologies in HIV+Men and Women\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychiatry Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 230\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 770-6\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20151110\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Dec 30\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Psychological trauma exposure and co-morbid psychopathologies in HIV+Men and Women\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-1781 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0165-1781\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.psychres.2015.11.011\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC4801502\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS763819\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 26599389\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Borderline Personality Disorder/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Comorbidity\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depressive Disorder, Major/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 HIV Infections/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Panic Disorder/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychological Trauma/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychopathology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/etiology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Substance-Related Disorders/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Antisocial personality\par }
{\f1\fs22 Borderline personality\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hiv\par }
{\f1\fs22 Panic disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 Posttraumatic stress disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X This study examined the association between trauma exposure, PTSD, suicide attempts, and other psychopathology among 316 racially/ethnically diverse HIV-infected men and women who underwent semi-structured psychiatric assessment. In addition, the role of psychological resilience in trauma exposure was examined in the context of neurological symptoms and functional status. Nearly half (47.8%; 151/316) of the participants reported trauma exposure, of which 47.0% (71/151) developed PTSD. Among trauma-exposed individuals, those with a current psychiatric diagnosis reported more neurological symptoms and lower functional status. Trauma exposure without PTSD was associated with a higher rate of panic disorder and substance-induced mental disorders. Trauma-exposed individuals who did not develop PTSD were less likely than those who reported no trauma exposure to meet criteria for major depressive disorder (MDD). Trauma exposure, MDD, borderline personality disorder, and substance-induced mental disorders were independently associated with increased odds of suicide attempt. These results indicate that co-morbid psychiatric disorders are common among trauma exposed individuals with a history of PTSD, but those with trauma exposure who do not develop PTSD are less likely to experience MDD. The role of other co-morbid psychopathologies in the genesis of suicidal behavior among individuals living with HIV deserves further study.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1872-7123\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fellows, Robert P\par }
{\f1\fs22 Spahr, Nayeli A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Byrd, Desiree A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mindt, Monica Rivera\par }
{\f1\fs22 Morgello, Susan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Manhattan HIV Brain Bank\par }
{\f1\fs22 U24 MH100929/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH083500/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 U24 MH100931/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 U24MH100931/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 N01 MH032002/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01MH083501/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH083501/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 UL1 TR000067/TR/NCATS NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 UL1TR000067/TR/NCATS NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 2015/11/26\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry Res. 2015 Dec 30;230(3):770-6. doi: 10.1016/j.psychres.2015.11.011. Epub 2015 Nov 10.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4801502/pdf/nihms763819.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2966702206/Fellows-2015-Psychological trauma exposure and.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Neurology, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Neurology, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA; Department of Psychiatry, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA. Electronic address: desiree.byrd@mssm.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Neurology, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA; Department of Psychiatry, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Neurology, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA; Department of Pathology, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA; Department of Neuroscience, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Book Section\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Figley, Charles\line %A Huggard, Peter\line %A Rees, Charlotte E.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2013\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Conclusions\par }
{\f1\fs22 %E Figley, Charles\line %E Huggard, Peter\line %E Rees, Charlotte E.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B First do no self-harm: Understanding and promoting physician stress resilience.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %C New York, NY\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I Oxford University Press\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 352-360\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Conclusions\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 978-0-19-538326-3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1093/acprof:oso/9780195383263.003.0025\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2013-31132-025\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K physicians\par }
{\f1\fs22 physician health\par }
{\f1\fs22 stress management\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-care\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 coping strategies\par }
{\f1\fs22 education\par }
{\f1\fs22 Coping Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Occupational Stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health Promotion\par }
{\f1\fs22 Medical Education\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X First Do No Self-Harm, we hope, will become a clarion call for the improved health of physicians across their education continuum. We hope that improved health will be associated with more evidence-based programs in stress management and self-care, ultimately creating a caring environment for those who attend to the medical needs of others. In our introduction to the book, we announced five inter-related questions that the chapters across the four sections would address: What stressors do physicians experience across the education continuum? What are the consequences of stress for multiple stakeholders such as physicians, colleagues, and patients? How do physicians cope with stressful demands? What strategies can be used to promote resilience among physicians? How can we tackle the culture of stoicism and emotional silence in the House of Medicine that encourages physicians' self-harm? In this editorial postscript, we attempt to summarize some of the answers to these questions and then set our sights forward to imagine the future of physician stress-resilience research. We identify important questions that still remain within the different and complementary lenses (individual, relational, and systems-based) discussed in this book. We end our book on perhaps a counterintuitive note: drawing on positive psychology, we critique our problematizing of stress across the book and instead highlight its positive side. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 2013-31132-025. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Figley, Charles; Graduate School of Social Work, Tulane University, New Orleans, LA, US. Release Date: 20130930. Correction Date: 20200713. Publication Type: Book (0200), Edited Book (0280). Format Covered: Print. Document Type: Chapter. ISBN: 978-0-19-538326-3, ISBN Hardcover. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Coping Behavior; Occupational Stress; Physicians; Resilience (Psychological); Stress Management. Minor Descriptor: Health Promotion; Medical Education; Self-Care. Classification: Professional Personnel Attitudes & Characteristics (3430). Population: Human (10). Intended Audience: Psychology: Professional & Research (PS). References Available: Y. Page Count: 9.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2013-31132-025&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0003-4828-1422\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Book\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Figley, Charles\line %A Huggard, Peter\line %A Rees, Charlotte E.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2013\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T First do no self-harm: Understanding and promoting physician stress resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %C New York, NY\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I Oxford University Press\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! First do no self-harm: Understanding and promoting physician stress resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 978-0-19-538326-3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1093/acprof:oso/9780195383263.001.0001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2013-31132-000\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K physician stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 work-related stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 coping\par }
{\f1\fs22 physical health\par }
{\f1\fs22 mental health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Occupational Stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 Physicians\par }
{\f1\fs22 Coping Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family Physicians\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Keeping doctors happy and productive requires a thorough understanding of the systemic causes and consequences of physician stress, as well as the role of resilience in maintaining a healthy mental state. The pressure of making life-or-death decisions along with those associated with the day-to-day challenges of doctoring can lead to poor patient care and communication, patient dissatisfaction, absenteeism, reductions in productivity, job dissatisfaction, and lowered retention. This edited volume provides a comprehensive tool for understanding and promoting physician stress resilience. Specifically, the book has six interrelated objectives that, collectively, advance the evidence-based understanding of (1) the extent to which physicians experience and suffer from work-related stress; (2) the various manifestations, syndromes, and reaction patterns directly caused by work-related stress; (3) the degree to which physicians are resilient in that they are successful or not successful in coping with these stressors; (4) the theories and direct evidence that account for the resilience; (5) the programs during and following medical school which help to promote resilience; and (6) the agenda for future theory, research, and intervention efforts for the next generation of physicians. First Do No Self-Harm offers a clarion call for the improved physical and mental health of physicians across their education continuum by posing and answering fundamental questions about sources of stress and methods of coping among physicians and medical students and best practices in medical education and physician support. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 2013-31132-000. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Figley, Charles; Graduate School of Social Work, Tulane University, New Orleans, LA, US. Release Date: 20130930. Correction Date: 20200713. Publication Type: Book (0200), Edited Book (0280). Format Covered: Print. Document Type: Book. ISBN: 978-0-19-538326-3, ISBN Hardcover. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Occupational Stress; Physicians. Minor Descriptor: Coping Behavior; Family Physicians; Mental Health; Physical Health; Resilience (Psychological). Classification: Professional Personnel Attitudes & Characteristics (3430). Population: Human (10). Intended Audience: Psychology: Professional & Research (PS). References Available: Y. Page Count: 370.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2013-31132-000&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0003-4828-1422\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A FitzGerald, C. A.\line %A Fullerton, L.\line %A Green, D.\line %A Hall, M.\line %A Pe\u241?aloza, L. J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The Association Between Positive Relationships with Adults and Suicide-Attempt Resilience in American Indian Youth in New Mexico\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Am Indian Alsk Native Ment Health Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 24\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 40-53\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The Association Between Positive Relationships with Adults and Suicide-Attempt Resilience in American Indian Youth in New Mexico\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1533-7731\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.5820/aian.2402.2017.40\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 28832887\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Indians, North American/*ethnology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Interpersonal Relations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 New Mexico/ethnology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*ethnology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X This study examined the 2013 New Mexico Youth Risk and Resiliency Survey (NM-YRRS) to determine whether cultural connectedness and positive relationships with adults protected against suicide attempts among American Indian and Alaska Native (AI/AN) youth and whether these relationships differed by gender. The sample included 2,794 AI/AN students in grades 9 to 12 who answered the question about past-year suicide attempts. Protective factor variables tested included relationships with adults at home, school, and the community. The language spoken at home was used as a proxy measure for cultural connectedness. Positive relationships with adults were negatively associated with the prevalence of past-year suicide attempts in bivariate analysis. However, language spoken at home was not associated with the prevalence of suicide attempts. Multivariate analysis showed that among girls, relationships with adults at home, at school, and in the community were independently associated with lower suicide-attempt prevalence. Among boys, only relationships with adults at home showed such an association. These results have important implications for the direction of future research about protective factors associated with AI/AN youth suicide risk as well as in the design of suicide intervention and prevention programs.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1533-7731\par }
{\f1\fs22 FitzGerald, Courtney A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fullerton, Lynne\par }
{\f1\fs22 Green, Dan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hall, Meryn\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pe\u241?aloza, Linda J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2017/08/24\par }
{\f1\fs22 Am Indian Alsk Native Ment Health Res. 2017;24(2):40-53. doi: 10.5820/aian.2402.2017.40.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Fossion, P.\line %A Rejas, M. C.\line %A Pelc, I.\line %A Linkowski, P.\line %A Hirsch, S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2006\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T R\u233?silience familiale et transmission transg\u233?n\u233?rationnelle du traumatisme de la Shoah = Family resilience and the transgenerational transmission of the Shoah traumatism\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Annales M\u233?dico-Psychologiques\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 164\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 115-119\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! R\u233?silience familiale et transmission transg\u233?n\u233?rationnelle du traumatisme de la Shoah = Family resilience and the transgenerational transmission of the Shoah traumatism\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0003-4487\par }
{\f1\fs22 1769-6631\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.amp.2005.05.009\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2006-03656-003\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K family resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 transgenerational transmission\par }
{\f1\fs22 Shoah traumatism\par }
{\f1\fs22 adaptation\par }
{\f1\fs22 holocaust survivors\par }
{\f1\fs22 memory\par }
{\f1\fs22 therapy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Posttraumatic Stress Disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Terrorism\par }
{\f1\fs22 Transgenerational Patterns\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family\par }
{\f1\fs22 Treatment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The clinical concepts developed in the present paper concern the resilience and the trans-generational transmission among families of Holocaust survivors. In physical terms, 'resilience' is defined as the ability of a material to regain its shape or original position after having been compressed or stretched. In human sciences, 'resilience' is the capacity of certain individuals either to adapt successfully to adversity, or to function in a competent manner when faced with a traumatic situation. The concept of trans-generational transmission of trauma is mentioned by numerous authors in explaining certain types of psychological suffering endured by several generations of the same family, notably among descendants of Holocaust survivors. In some traumatized families, all the energy is used by a mourning process and by strategies of survival. Memory of death is everywhere and memory of life is repressed. To help those families, psychotherapists have to inverse the situation by revealing the memory of life and by limiting the role of the memory of death. We present here several clinical observations that we made during therapy sessions with certain families of Holocaust survivors. These families consulted with us because of the symptoms presented by members of the third generation (the grandchildren of the Holocaust survivors) as adolescents. These symptoms were not specific, and included various categories such as dropping out of school, behavior problems, self-mutilation, eating disorders, drug abuse, depressive or anxiety disorders, and problems with aggression. These families presented some specific patterns in their relationships, which led us to consider that the symptoms presented by the third generation might be a consequence of the family's history and the trans-generational transmission of Holocaust trauma. We also describe here the clinical strategy that we developed to assist these families. This strategy was used in addition to classical individual and linear treatment of the symptoms and consisted of an attempt to reinforce the relationships between Holocaust survivors and their grandchildren with the aim of stimulating a structuring trans-generational transmission. In effect, at the liberation of the camps, certain Holocaust survivors used, as a mechanism of individual resilience, control over their memory and their emotions. In effect, their psychological survival was impossible without making sure that their terrible memories and inexpressible feelings could not occupy their consciousness. In stifling their memories and their history, they created a void in the parenting of their children and their grandchildren. In order to fill this void and to unblock familial memory, we make use of the privileged position occupied by the grandchildren of Holocaust survivors. In effect, Holocaust survivors generally adopt a more flexible attitude toward their grandchildren than toward their children. Therefore, we entrusted them with the task of reconstructing the history of their family before and after the Holocaust through consulting their grandparents, most of all, but also other members of the family, whether it be directly or by courier (eventually electronic, in the case of geographic separation). Our therapeutic approach improves the flexibility, adaptability and communication of the family. Moreover, it improves the bond between Holocaust survivors and their grandchildren and permits the latter, through a better knowledge of their family history, to acquire a trans-generational shadow. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z D\u233?partement de Psychiatrie, CHU Brugmann (Universit\u233? Libre de Bruxelles), Bruxelles, Belgium. Other Publishers: Elsevier Masson SAS. Release Date: 20060905. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: FrenchMajor Descriptor: Holocaust Survivors; Posttraumatic Stress Disorder; Resilience (Psychological); Terrorism; Transgenerational Patterns. Minor Descriptor: Family; Treatment. Classification: Neuroses & Anxiety Disorders (3215); Health & Mental Health Treatment & Prevention (3300). Population: Human (10). References Available: Y. Page Count: 5. Issue Publication Date: Mar, 2006.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2006-03656-003&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 pierre.fossion@chu-brugmann.be\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Fossion, P., Departement de Psychiatrie, CHU Brugmann (Universite Libre de Bruxelles), 4, Place Van-Gehuchten, 1020, Bruxelles, Belgium\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Thesis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Fulambarkar, Nilija Hemant\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Predicting resiliency in caregivers of children with autism spectrum disorder: The relationship of trait mindfulness to affiliate stigma\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I ProQuest Information & Learning\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 83\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Predicting resiliency in caregivers of children with autism spectrum disorder: The relationship of trait mindfulness to affiliate stigma\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2022-13248-149\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Affiliate stigma\par }
{\f1\fs22 Autism spectrum disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 Caregivers\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stigma\par }
{\f1\fs22 Trait mindfulness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Autism Spectrum Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mindfulness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Major Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Quality of Life\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) presents itself as a unique disorder as the symptoms that are present can be extremely disruptive and display antisocial behaviors such as flapping, twirling, tantrums, and self-injurious behaviors. Caregivers of children with ASD often experience many negative effects of stigma, which include a decrease in the quality of life of the caregivers and an increase in their level of depression, anxiety, and caregiving burden. As the number of children who are diagnosed with autism rises with increased awareness and better diagnostic tools, there is a need to provide treatments for their caregivers in order to increase their quality of life. Mindfulness trainings have become increasingly popular as there is an abundance of evidence that outlines its benefits to increase awareness and decrease judgement. It has also been shown to increase resiliency in the face of adversity. Recent research has shown that trait mindfulness helps to attenuate some of the negative effects of stigma but has not been linked to the particular facets of mindfulness: describing, acting with awareness, nonjudging, nonreacting, and observing. The current study investigated whether acting with awareness, nonreactivity, and nonjudging are associated with higher levels of resiliency and weaker levels of affiliate stigma. Additionally, it examined whether there is a negative relationship between the facet of observing and resilience and a possible greater association with stigma. The results in this study indicated statistically significant relations between the facets of acting with awareness and nonjudging with resiliency. It also indicated statistically significant relations between the facets of acting with awareness, nonjudging, and nonreacting with affiliate stigma. There were no statistically significant relations between the observing facet and either resiliency or affiliate stigma. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 2022-13248-149. Other Journal Title: Dissertation Abstracts International. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Fulambarkar, Nilija Hemant; Palo Alto University, Psychology, US. Release Date: 20220221. Publication Type: Dissertation Abstract (0400). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Dissertation. Dissertation Number: AAI28649933. ISBN: 979-8460483112. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Autism Spectrum Disorders; Caregivers; Resilience (Psychological); Stigma; Mindfulness. Minor Descriptor: Major Depression; Quality of Life. Classification: Health Psychology & Medicine (3360); Developmental Psychology (2800). Population: Human (10). Age Group: Childhood (birth-12 yrs) (100). Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2022-13248-149&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Fuller-Thomson, E.\line %A Kotchapaw, L. D.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Remission From Suicidal Ideation Among Those in Chronic Pain: What Factors Are Associated With Resilience?\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Pain\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 20\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 9\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1048-1056\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20190409\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Sep\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Remission From Suicidal Ideation Among Those in Chronic Pain: What Factors Are Associated With Resilience?\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1526-5900\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jpain.2019.02.096\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 30979638\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Canada\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chronic Pain/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health Surveys\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal\par }
{\f1\fs22 chronic pain\par }
{\f1\fs22 recovery\par }
{\f1\fs22 resiliency\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Although there have been many studies on the link between chronic pain and suicidality, surprisingly little research has focused on resilience and recovery among those in chronic and disabling pain who have had suicidal thoughts. The objectives of this study were to identify the prevalence and correlates of recovery from suicidal thoughts among those in chronic pain. A secondary analysis of a nationally representative sample of Canadians in chronic and disabling pain who had ever had serious suicidal thoughts (N\u8239?=\u8239?635) was conducted to identify the prevalence and characteristics of those who are no longer considering suicide. Data were drawn from the Canadian Community Health Survey-Mental Health. Three in five Canadians in chronic pain (63%) who had seriously considered suicide at some point in their life had been free of these thoughts in the past year. Those free of suicidal ideation were significantly more likely to be older, women, white, better educated, with a confidant, and to use spirituality to cope, but less likely to have low household incomes, difficulties meeting basic expenses, and a history of depression and anxiety disorders. PERSPECTIVE: Almost two-thirds of formerly suicidal Canadians with chronic pain were free from suicidal thoughts in the past year. These findings provide a hopeful message of resilience and recovery in the context of disabling pain and help to improve targeted outreach to those most at risk for unremitting suicidality.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1528-8447\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fuller-Thomson, Esme\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kotchapaw, Lyndsey D\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/04/14\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Pain. 2019 Sep;20(9):1048-1056. doi: 10.1016/j.jpain.2019.02.096. Epub 2019 Apr 9.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.jpain.org/article/S1526-5900(19)30696-0/fulltext\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Institute for Life Course & Aging, Factor-Inwentash Faculty of Social Work, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Electronic address: Esme.fuller.thomson@utoronto.ca.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Institute for Life Course & Aging, Factor-Inwentash Faculty of Social Work, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Fullerton, L.\line %A FitzGerald, C. A.\line %A Hall, M. E.\line %A Green, D.\line %A DeBruyn, L. M.\line %A Pe\u241?aloza, L. J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Suicide Attempt Resiliency in American Indian, Hispanic, and Anglo Youth in New Mexico: The Influence of Positive Adult Relationships\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Fam Community Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 42\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 171-179\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jul/Sep\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Suicide Attempt Resiliency in American Indian, Hispanic, and Anglo Youth in New Mexico: The Influence of Positive Adult Relationships\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0160-6379\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1097/fch.0000000000000223\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 31107727\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hispanic or Latino\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Indians, North American\par }
{\f1\fs22 Interpersonal Relations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 New Mexico\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*ethnology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Whites/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The purpose of this study was to identify whether positive relationships with adults at home, school, and in the community are protective for suicide among American Indian/Alaska Native, Hispanic, and Anglo adolescents. Using data from the New Mexico version of the 2015 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Youth Risk Behavior Survey, we found that positive relationships with adults affected past-year suicide attempts differently in youth from the 3 groups. The final multivariable model for American Indian/Alaska Native youth included only positive relationships with adults in the home. Among Hispanic and Anglo youth, adults in the home and also in the community were protective.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1550-5057\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fullerton, Lynne\par }
{\f1\fs22 FitzGerald, Courtney A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hall, Meryn E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Green, Dan\par }
{\f1\fs22 DeBruyn, Lemyra M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pe\u241?aloza, Linda J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/05/21\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fam Community Health. 2019 Jul/Sep;42(3):171-179. doi: 10.1097/FCH.0000000000000223.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Emergency Medicine, University of New Mexico Health Sciences Center, Albuquerque (Dr Fullerton); University of New Mexico Prevention Research Center, Albuquerque (Ms FitzGerald and Dr Pe\u241?aloza); University of New Mexico School of Medicine, Albuquerque (Ms Hall); New Mexico Department of Health, Santa Fe (Mr Green); and United States Public Health Service (ret) (Dr DeBruyn).\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Gambaro, Eleonora\line %A Mastrangelo, Martina\line %A Sarchiapone, Marco\line %A Marangon, Debora\line %A Gramaglia, Carla\line %A Vecchi, Camilla\line %A Airoldi, Chiara\line %A Mirisola, Concetta\line %A Costanzo, Gianfranco\line %A Bartollino, Silvia\line %A Baralla, Francesca\line %A Zeppegno, Patrizia\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience, trauma, and hopelessness: Protective or triggering factor for the development of psychopathology among migrants?\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B BMC Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 20\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience, trauma, and hopelessness: Protective or triggering factor for the development of psychopathology among migrants?\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1471-244X\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1186/s12888-020-02729-3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2020-50688-001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 hopelessness\par }
{\f1\fs22 migration\par }
{\f1\fs22 Human Migration\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychopathology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Protective Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Symptoms\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background: Recently, many studies have investigated the role of migration on mental health. Nonetheless, only few focused on the consequences of childhood trauma, hopelessness, and resilience on migrants\u8217? psychopathology, including psychiatric disorders and symptoms. Method: 119 migrants were recruited between May 2017 and April 2018, among those applying for assessment to the Mental Health Operational Unit of the National Institute for Health, Migration and Poverty (NIHMP) in Rome, Italy. Assessment included the following: Zung Self-Rating Depression Scale (SDS), Zung Self-Rating Anxiety Scale (SAS), Connor-Davidson Resilience Scale (CD-RISC), Childhood Trauma Questionnaire (CTQ), Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Checklist for DSM-5 (PCL-5), Beck Hopelessness Scale (BHS), Beck\u8217?s Suicide Intent Scale (SIS), Brief Aggression Questionnaire (BAQ), Deliberate Self-Harm Inventory (DSHI). Results: 53.39% of migrants scored above the PCL-5 cut-off score (mean score was 39.45). SDS scores below the cutoff suggested the presence of depression in 42.37%, while According to SAS scores anxiety levels were low in 38.98% of migrants. During childhood, physical abuse and neglect were reported respectively by 56.78 and 69.49% of migrants. Conclusion: We found that Post Traumatic Stress Disorders play the role of mediators for the relation between the childhood traumatic experiences and aggressiveness, anxious and depressive symptomatology, while hopelessness is a mediator between the childhood traumatic experiences and the development of depression in adulthood. Hopelessness seems to influence the strength of the relation between childhood traumatic experiences and the individual\u8217?s current intensity of suicidal attitudes, plans, and behaviors. Further developments and future perspectives of the research project are to address key gaps in the field of resilience by means of a longitudinal evaluation study in migrants, including a native population control group, acceding to NIHMP. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Department of Translational Medicine, Institute of Psychiatry, University of Western Piedmont, Novara, Italy. Release Date: 20201112. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Hopelessness; Human Migration; Psychopathology; Resilience (Psychological); Trauma. Minor Descriptor: Mental Disorders; Mental Health; Protective Factors; Symptoms. Classification: Psychological & Physical Disorders (3200). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: Italy. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300); Young Adulthood (18-29 yrs) (320); Thirties (30-39 yrs) (340); Middle Age (40-64 yrs) (360); Aged (65 yrs & older) (380). Tests & Measures: Zung Anxiety Rating Scale; Beck Suicide Intent Scale; Childhood Trauma Questionnaire DOI: 10.1037/t02080-000; Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale for DSM-5 DOI: 10.1037/t71324-000; Brief Aggression Questionnaire DOI: 10.1037/t73660-000; Zung's Self Rating Depression Scale; Beck Hopelessness Scale; Connor\u8211?Davidson Resilience Scale DOI: 10.1037/t06346-000; Deliberate Self-Harm Inventory DOI: 10.1037/t04163-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. ArtID: 358. Issue Publication Date: Jul 8, 2020. Publication History: First Posted Date: Jul 8, 2020; Accepted Date: Jun 12, 2020; First Submitted Date: Jun 28, 2019. Copyright Statement: Open Access. This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which permits use, sharing, adaptation, distribution and reproduction in any medium or format, as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons licence, and indicate if changes were made. The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article's Creative Commons licence, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material. If material is not included in the article's Creative Commons licence and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use, you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder. The Author(s). 2020.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2020-50688-001&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0001-9255-5967\par }
{\f1\fs22 eleonora.gambaro@uniupo.it\par }
{\f1\fs22 https://bmcpsychiatry.biomedcentral.com/track/pdf/10.1186/s12888-020-02729-3.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1343710384/Gambaro-2020-Resilience, trauma, and hopelessn.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Gambaro, Eleonora, Department of Translational Medicine, Institute of Psychiatry, University of Western Piedmont, via Solaroli, 17, 28100, Novara, Italy\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Gmuca, S.\line %A Sonagra, M.\line %A Xiao, R.\line %A Miller, K. S.\line %A Thomas, N. H.\line %A Young, J. F.\line %A Weiss, P. F.\line %A Sherry, D. D.\line %A Gerber, J. S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Suicidal risk and resilience in juvenile fibromyalgia syndrome: a cross-sectional cohort study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Pediatr Rheumatol Online J\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 19\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20210106\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jan 6\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Suicidal risk and resilience in juvenile fibromyalgia syndrome: a cross-sectional cohort study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1546-0096\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1186/s12969-020-00487-w\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 The authors declare that they have no competing interests.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC7789563\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 33407630\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fibromyalgia/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Logistic Models\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pain Clinics/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatric Status Rating Scales\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Syndrome\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tertiary Care Centers/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chronic pain\par }
{\f1\fs22 Juvenile fibromyalgia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidality\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: To characterize suicidality among youth with juvenile fibromyalgia syndrome (JFMS) receiving treatment from pediatric rheumatologists at a tertiary care center in order to determine the prevalence of suicidality in JFMS and to explore risk factors for persistent suicidal ideation. METHODS: We performed a cross-sectional cohort study of children 12-17\u8201?years old with JFMS seen in a specialty pediatric rheumatology pain clinic from 7/2017-9/2019. All subjects completed patient-reported outcomes measures, complemented by retrospective chart review. Subjects who endorsed item 8 on the Children's Depression Inventory, 2nd Edition (CDI-2) were categorized as endorsing suicidal ideation. We assessed for differences between the suicidal and non-suicidal patients using Wilcoxon-rank sum test. Logistic regression modeling was performed to identify psychosocial factors associated with suicidality. RESULTS: Of the 31 subjects, more than one-quarter endorsed suicidality. Nearly 90% of teens with suicidal ideation were established in outpatient counseling. In bivariate analyses, suicidality was associated with lower resilience and greater depression and anxiety (all p\u8201?<\u8201?0.05). Pain intensity trended towards a statistically significant positive association (OR: 1.16 [0.99-1.37]; p\u8201?=\u8201?0.06). Lower resilience was independently associated with suicidality (OR: 0.90 [95% CI: 0.82-0.98]; p\u8201?<\u8201?0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Suicidality was prevalent among youth with JFMS and persistent despite concurrent receipt of mental health services. Higher patient-level resilience was independently associated with a reduced odds of suicidality. Future work should examine the role of resilience training on reducing psychological distress and mitigating the risk of suicidality in JFMS.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1546-0096\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gmuca, Sabrina\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-3533-5698\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sonagra, Maitry\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, Rui\par }
{\f1\fs22 Miller, Kimberly S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Thomas, Nina H\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young, Jami F\par }
{\f1\fs22 Weiss, Pamela F\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sherry, David D\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gerber, Jeffrey S\par }
{\f1\fs22 K-Bridge Award/Rheumatology Research Foundation/\par }
{\f1\fs22 UL1TR001878/National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences of the NIH/\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/01/08\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pediatr Rheumatol Online J. 2021 Jan 6;19(1):3. doi: 10.1186/s12969-020-00487-w.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7789563/pdf/12969_2020_Article_487.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3960968909/Gmuca-2021-Suicidal risk and resilience in juv.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Pediatrics, Division of Rheumatology, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, USA. gmucas@chop.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Center for Pediatric Clinical Effectiveness, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, USA. gmucas@chop.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 PolicyLab, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, USA. gmucas@chop.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine and Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, USA. gmucas@chop.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Roberts Center for Pediatric Research, 2716 South Street, 11214, Philadelphia, PA, 19146, USA. gmucas@chop.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Pediatrics, Division of Rheumatology, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Center for Pediatric Clinical Effectiveness, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 PolicyLab, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Biostatistics, Epidemiology and Informatics, Perelman School of Medicine at University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine and Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Center for Phenomic Science, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry and Behavioral Services, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Pediatrics, Division of Infectious Diseases, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Gooding, P.\line %A Tarrier, N.\line %A Dunn, G.\line %A Shaw, J.\line %A Awenat, Y.\line %A Ulph, F.\line %A Pratt, D.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The moderating effects of coping and self-esteem on the relationship between defeat, entrapment and suicidality in a sample of prisoners at high risk of suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Eur Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 30\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 8\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 988-94\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20151024\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Nov\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The moderating effects of coping and self-esteem on the relationship between defeat, entrapment and suicidality in a sample of prisoners at high risk of suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0924-9338 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0924-9338\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.eurpsy.2015.09.002\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC4682192\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ EMS66285\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 26497469\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K *Adaptation, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prisoners/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment/methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Self Concept\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide/prevention & control/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 United Kingdom\par }
{\f1\fs22 Coping skills\par }
{\f1\fs22 Defeat\par }
{\f1\fs22 Entrapment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental illness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prisoners\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Research is sparse which examines pathways to suicide, and resilience to suicide, in people who are particularly vulnerable to suicide, for example, prison inmates. The purpose of this study was to examine the ways in which perceptions of self-esteem and coping ability interacted with defeat and entrapment to both amplify suicidal thoughts and feelings, and to act as a buffer against suicidal thoughts and feelings. METHODS: Participants were 65 male prisoners at high risk of suicide. A cross-sectional questionnaire design was used. Questionnaire measures of depression, defeat, entrapment, self-esteem, coping ability and suicidal probability were administered. RESULTS: For the hopelessness component of the suicide probability measure, high levels of coping ability together with low levels of defeat resulted in the lowest levels of suicidality indicative of a resilience factor. In contrast, low levels of coping skills together with high levels of entrapment were a high risk factor for this hopelessness component of suicide. This pattern of results pertained when controlling for depression levels. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first study to examine interactions between defeat, entrapment and appraisals of self-esteem and coping ability. Therapeutic interventions would benefit from boosting perceptions and appraisals of coping ability, in particular, in people who are at high risk for suicide.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1778-3585\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gooding, P\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tarrier, N\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dunn, G\par }
{\f1\fs22 Shaw, J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Awenat, Y\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ulph, F\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pratt, D\par }
{\f1\fs22 PB-PG-0609-19126/DH_/Department of Health/United Kingdom\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2015/10/27\par }
{\f1\fs22 Eur Psychiatry. 2015 Nov;30(8):988-94. doi: 10.1016/j.eurpsy.2015.09.002. Epub 2015 Oct 24.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4682192/pdf/emss-66285.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2118369717/Gooding-2015-The moderating effects of coping.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ School of Psychological Sciences, University of Manchester, Manchester, UK; Manchester Health Science Centre (MAHSC), Manchester, UK. Electronic address: patricia.gooding@manchester.ac.uk.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Psychological Sciences, University of Manchester, Manchester, UK; Department of Psychology, Institute of Psychiatry, King's College, London, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Institute of Population Health, University of Manchester, Manchester, UK; Manchester Health Science Centre (MAHSC), Manchester, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Manchester Health Science Centre (MAHSC), Manchester, UK; Institute of Brain, Behaviour and Mental Health, University of Manchester, Manchester, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Psychological Sciences, University of Manchester, Manchester, UK; Manchester Health Science Centre (MAHSC), Manchester, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Psychological Sciences, University of Manchester, Manchester, UK; Manchester Health Science Centre (MAHSC), Manchester, UK; Manchester Mental Health and Social Care NHS Trust, Manchester, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Greene, N.\line %A Tomedi, L.\line %A Reno, J.\line %A Green, D.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The Role of Substance Use and Resiliency Factors on Suicidal Ideation among Middle School Students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Sch Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 90\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 73-80\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20191211\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The Role of Substance Use and Resiliency Factors on Suicidal Ideation among Middle School Students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0022-4391\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1111/josh.12854\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 31828795\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Logistic Models\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 New Mexico\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Substance-Related Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 middle school\par }
{\f1\fs22 resiliency\par }
{\f1\fs22 social support\par }
{\f1\fs22 substance use\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 surveys\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Suicidal ideation, an important risk factor for suicide, is strongly associated with substance use. Factors such as family cohesion, connection with friends, and social support can be protective against suicidal behaviors. The purpose of this study was to explore the association between suicidal ideation, substance use, and resiliency factors among middle school students. METHODS: The 2013 New Mexico Youth Risk and Resiliency Survey provided the data for this analysis. Suicidal ideation was defined as affirmative responses to questions about thoughts of killing oneself and/or making a suicide plan. We used logistic regression to explore the association between suicidal ideation, substance use, and resiliency factors. RESULTS: Overall, 23% of students reported suicidal ideation. Among girls, having a caring friend was associated with lower odds of suicidal ideation only among those not using other drugs. Among boys, having a caring friend decreased the odds of suicidal ideation regardless of substance use. CONCLUSIONS: Suicidal ideation is prevalent among middle school children. Substance abuse is associated with suicidal ideation; however, individual and community support can be protective. Interventions aimed at reducing suicidal behaviors among middle school students should account for the impact of substance use and help strengthen social support.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1746-1561\par }
{\f1\fs22 Greene, Naomi\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-4045-7817\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tomedi, Laura\par }
{\f1\fs22 Reno, Jessica\par }
{\f1\fs22 Green, Dan\par }
{\f1\fs22 NU58DP006050/US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)/International\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/12/13\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Sch Health. 2020 Feb;90(2):73-80. doi: 10.1111/josh.12854. Epub 2019 Dec 11.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ New Mexico Department of Health, 1190 St. Francis Drive N1100, Santa Fe, NM, 87505.\par }
{\f1\fs22 New Mexico Department of Health, 1190 St. Francis Drive N1103, Santa Fe, NM, 87505.\par }
{\f1\fs22 University of New Mexico School of Medicine, Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Division of Community Behavioral Health, MSC09 5030, 1 University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, NM, 87131-0001.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Youth Risk and Resiliency Survey, New Mexico Department of Health, 1190 St. Francis Drive, Santa Fe, NM, 87505.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Gutierrez, P. M.\line %A Freedenthal, S.\line %A Wong, J. L.\line %A Osman, A.\line %A Norizuki, T.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2012\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Validation of the Suicide Resilience Inventory-25 (SRI-25) in adolescent psychiatric inpatient samples\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Pers Assess\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 94\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 53-61\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Validation of the Suicide Resilience Inventory-25 (SRI-25) in adolescent psychiatric inpatient samples\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0022-3891\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/00223891.2011.608755\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 22176266\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Inpatients/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Personality Inventory\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Psychology, Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychometrics\par }
{\f1\fs22 Reproducibility of Results\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk-Taking\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Resilience has been associated with a markedly decreased chance for risky behaviors following a trauma or other negative life event. This study examined the factor structure and psychometric properties of a self-report measure of resilience, the Suicide Resilience Inventory-25 (SRI-25; Osman et al., 2004 ), among psychiatric inpatient adolescents. In Study 1, we conducted confirmatory factor analysis to provide additional empirical support for the structure and invariance of the 3-factor model of the SRI-25 in youth samples, ages 14 to 17 years (N = 152 boys, 220 girls). Scale reliability analyses provided good evidence for internal consistency reliability of scores on the SRI-25 total and scales. In Study 2 (N = 30 boys, 40 girls), we presented data in support for the concurrent validity (i.e., known groups) of scores on the SRI-25. Additionally, we identified potential correlates for the SRI-25 total scale scores.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1532-7752\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gutierrez, Peter M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Freedenthal, Stacey\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wong, Jane L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Osman, Augustine\par }
{\f1\fs22 Norizuki, Tamami\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Validation Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2011/12/20\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Pers Assess. 2012;94(1):53-61. doi: 10.1080/00223891.2011.608755.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3806789530/ContentServer(2).pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychiatry, University of Colorado School of Medicine, USA. peter.gutierrez@va.gov\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Hall, M.\line %A Fullerton, L.\line %A FitzGerald, C.\line %A Green, D.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Suicide Risk and Resiliency Factors Among Hispanic Teens in New Mexico: Schools Can Make a Difference\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Sch Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 88\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 227-236\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Suicide Risk and Resiliency Factors Among Hispanic Teens in New Mexico: Schools Can Make a Difference\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0022-4391\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1111/josh.12599\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 29399842\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emigrants and Immigrants/psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Environment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Food Supply\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hispanic or Latino/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Interpersonal Relations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Language\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 New Mexico\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 School Teachers/psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Schools\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students/*psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hispanic\par }
{\f1\fs22 Youth Risk Behavior Survey\par }
{\f1\fs22 protective factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Youth suicide is a serious public health problem in the United States. School environments, and the attention of school adults, are promising but minimally studied avenues for promoting mental health among students. METHODS: The 2013 New Mexico Youth Risk and Resiliency Survey data were analyzed to identify ways in which the school environment influences suicide attempts in a sample of Hispanic students. Factors examined were: relationships with school adults, speaking a language other than English at home, being born outside the United States and not having enough to eat. Odds ratios were used to measure relationships. RESULTS: Factors influencing suicide attempt were similar for boys and girls. The odds of suicide attempt declined by approximately one third as measures of positive relationships with school adults increased. Post-high school education plans also were protective. Being born outside the United States and not having enough to eat increased the odds of past-year suicide attempt. Speaking a language other than English at home was a weak risk factor for suicide attempt only among Hispanic girls. CONCLUSIONS: Teachers and other school adults can decrease suicide risk for Hispanic teens by forming supportive relationships with students. Special consideration should be given to providing free breakfast in schools.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1746-1561\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hall, Meryn\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-6010-064x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fullerton, Lynne\par }
{\f1\fs22 FitzGerald, Courtney\par }
{\f1\fs22 Green, Dan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2018/02/06\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Sch Health. 2018 Mar;88(3):227-236. doi: 10.1111/josh.12599.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ University of New Mexico School of Medicine, Department of Emergency Medicine, University of New Mexico, MSC11 6025, 1 University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, NM 87131.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Emergency Medicine, University of New Mexico School of Medicine, MSC11 6025, 1 University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, NM 87131.\par }
{\f1\fs22 University of New Mexico Prevention Research Center, MSC11 6145, 1 University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, NM 87131.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Epidemiology and Response Division, New Mexico Department of Health, 1190 St. Francis Dr. N1320, Santa Fe, NM 87502-6110.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Hall, M.\line %A Fullerton, L.\line %A Green, D.\line %A FitzGerald, C. A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Positive Relationships with Adults and Resilience to Suicide Attempt among New Mexico Hispanic Adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Int J Environ Res Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 18\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 19\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20211004\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Oct 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Positive Relationships with Adults and Resilience to Suicide Attempt among New Mexico Hispanic Adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1661-7827 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1660-4601\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.3390/ijerph181910430\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 The authors declare no conflict of interest. Data collection is undertaken partially in accordance with the CDC guidelines for the YRBS as noted in the Materials and Methods section of the paper; additional sampling is guided by the AASTEC to provide oversampling at schools with a higher percentage of indigenous students. Funding agencies did not have a role in study design, data analysis or interpretation, or the decision to publish this research.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC8508296\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 34639736\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hispanic or Latino\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 New Mexico/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide, Attempted\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hispanic\par }
{\f1\fs22 community\par }
{\f1\fs22 family\par }
{\f1\fs22 prevention\par }
{\f1\fs22 resiliency\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide attempt\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Suicide is a leading cause of adolescent death and has increased in recent years. The purpose of this study was to examine the effect that relationships with adults at home and in the community had on the probability of suicide attempts of Hispanic teenagers in New Mexico. Data from the 2019 New Mexico Youth Risk and Resiliency Survey were analyzed to identify the ways in which relationships with adults influenced suicide attempts among Hispanic adolescent students. The examined factors included: relationships with adults in the home and in the community and with same-age friends, and participation in hobbies or organizations outside of school. The resiliency factors were similar for male and female Hispanic students. As positive relationships with adults at home or in the community increased, the probability of suicide attempts decreased by 37-54%. Positive relationships with same-age friends were also associated with reduced suicide attempts. Community organization involvement and hobbies affected males and females differently. Adults at home and in the community can decrease the risk of suicide for Hispanic teenagers through supportive relationships. Hybrid programs focusing on adolescent health, positive communication, and academic support, which integrate adults from home and community environments, show promise in reducing suicidal thoughts and other risk behaviors.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1660-4601\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hall, Meryn\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fullerton, Lynne\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-4917-2113\par }
{\f1\fs22 Green, Dan\par }
{\f1\fs22 FitzGerald, Courtney A\par }
{\f1\fs22 5NU87PS004314-04-00/CC/CDC HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/10/14\par }
{\f1\fs22 Int J Environ Res Public Health. 2021 Oct 4;18(19):10430. doi: 10.3390/ijerph181910430.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://mdpi-res.com/d_attachment/ijerph/ijerph-18-10430/article_deploy/ijerph-18-10430.pdf?version=1633326848\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0986166656/Hall-2021-Positive Relationships with Adults a.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Emergency Medicine, University of California, Fresno, CA 93701, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Emergency Medicine, University of New Mexico Health Sciences Center, Albuquerque, NM 87131, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 New Mexico Department of Health, Epidemiology and Response Division, Santa Fe, NM 87505, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Pediatrics, University of New Mexico Prevention Research Center, Albuquerque, NM 87101, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Han, J.\line %A Wong, I.\line %A Christensen, H.\line %A Batterham, P. J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience to suicidal behavior in young adults: a cross-sectional study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Sci Rep\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 12\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 11419\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20220706\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jul 6\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience to suicidal behavior in young adults: a cross-sectional study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 2045-2322\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1038/s41598-022-15468-0\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 The authors declare no competing interests.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC9259642\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 35794217\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Australia/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Despite decades of research on suicide risk factors in young people, there has been no significant improvement in our understanding of this phenomenon. This study adopts a positive deviance approach to identify individuals with suicide resilience and to describe their associated psychological and sociodemographic profiles. Australian young adults aged 18-25\u160?years with suicidal thoughts (N\u8201?=\u8201?557) completed an online survey covering sociodemographic, mental health status, emotion regulatory and suicide-related domains. Latent class analysis was used to identify the individuals with suicide resilience. The predictors of suicide resilience were assessed using logistic regression models. The results suggested that one in ten (n\u8201?=\u8201?55) met the criteria for suicide resilience. Factors that had a significant association with suicide resilience included greater cognitive flexibility, greater self-efficacy in expressing positive affect, reduced use of digital technology and less self-harm and substance use as a response to emotional distress. This study identified the factors that may protect young adults with suicidal thoughts from progressing to suicide attempts. Suicide prevention programs might be optimised by shifting from a deficit-based to a strength-based approach through promoting cognitive flexibility, self-efficacy and reducing maladaptive coping.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 2045-2322\par }
{\f1\fs22 Han, Jin\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wong, Iana\par }
{\f1\fs22 Christensen, Helen\par }
{\f1\fs22 Batterham, Philip J\par }
{\f1\fs22 RG193218/Suicide Prevention Australia/\par }
{\f1\fs22 1155614/National Health and Medical Research Council/\par }
{\f1\fs22 1158707/National Health and Medical Research Council/\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2022/07/07\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sci Rep. 2022 Jul 6;12(1):11419. doi: 10.1038/s41598-022-15468-0.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9259642/pdf/41598_2022_Article_15468.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3037724147/Han-2022-Resilience to suicidal behavior in yo.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Black Dog Institute, University of New South Wales, Hospital Road, Randwick, Sydney, NSW, 2031, Australia. j.han@blackdog.org.au.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Black Dog Institute, University of New South Wales, Hospital Road, Randwick, Sydney, NSW, 2031, Australia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Psychology, University of New South Wales, Sydney, Australia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Centre for Mental Health Research, Research School of Population Health, The Australian National University, Canberra, Australia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A He, N. N.\line %A Xiang, Y. H.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Child maltreatment and nonsuicidal self-injury among Chinese adolescents: The mediating effect of psychological resilience and loneliness\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Children and Youth Services Review\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 133\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 8\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Child maltreatment and nonsuicidal self-injury among Chinese adolescents: The mediating effect of psychological resilience and loneliness\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O Child. Youth Serv. Rev.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0190-7409\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.childyouth.2021.106335\par }
{\f1\fs22 %] 106335\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000788126300001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Nonsuicidal self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child maltreatment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychological resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Loneliness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 psychometric analysis\par }
{\f1\fs22 social competence\par }
{\f1\fs22 risk-factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 skills\par }
{\f1\fs22 age\par }
{\f1\fs22 youth\par }
{\f1\fs22 consequences\par }
{\f1\fs22 associations\par }
{\f1\fs22 personality\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Work\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Nonsuicidal self-injury (NSSI) is a major public health problem among adolescents. Previous studies have confirmed that child maltreatment is an important risk factor for adolescents' NSSI, but the potential path by which child maltreatment affects NSSI is still unclear. Thus, based on Nock's integrated theoretical model of NSSI, the present study examined the mediating role of psychological resilience and loneliness between child maltreatment and NSSI. 1951 adolescents (956 girls; mean age = 12.93, SD = 2.54) in mainland China were recruited to complete four scales, including Childhood Trauma Questionnaire (CTQ), Connor-Davidson Resilience Scale (CD-RISC), UCLA Loneliness Scale (ULS-8) and Nonsuicidal Self-Injury Sale. The results showed that both psychological resilience and loneliness acted as mediators in the effect of child maltreatment on NSSI, and child maltreatment also affected loneliness by influencing psychological resilience, thus affecting NSSI indirectly. In addition, among different age groups, we only found the mediating effect of psychological resilience and loneliness in middle school group. And psychological resilience failed to play a mediating role in both primary school group and high school group. These results not only extend our understanding of Nock's integrated theoretical model of NSSI, but also provide theoretical support for inhibiting adolescents' NSSI by promoting psychological resilience and reducing the feeling of loneliness.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: 0V1SX\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 82\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      AKAIKE H, 1987, PSYCHOMETRIKA, V52, P317, DOI 10.1007/BF02294359\par }
{\f1\fs22      Andover MS, 2010, PSYCHIAT RES, V178, P101, DOI 10.1016/j.psychres.2010.03.019\par }
{\f1\fs22      Arce E, 2009, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V114, P286, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2008.08.015\par }
{\f1\fs22      BENTLER PM, 1987, SOCIOL METHOD RES, V16, P78, DOI 10.1177/0049124187016001004\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bernstein DP, 1997, J AM ACAD CHILD PSY, V36, P340, DOI 10.1097/00004583-199703000-00012\par }
{\f1\fs22      Birmaher B, 1996, J AM ACAD CHILD PSY, V35, P1427, DOI 10.1097/00004583-199611000-00011\par }
{\f1\fs22      Birmaher B, 1996, J AM ACAD CHILD PSY, V35, P1575, DOI 10.1097/00004583-199612000-00008\par }
{\f1\fs22      Boling MW, 2011, PSYCHOL REP, V109, P819, DOI 10.2466/02.07.09.21.PR0.109.6.819-841\par }
{\f1\fs22      Brickman LJ, 2014, BORDER PERS DIS EMOT, V1, DOI 10.1186/2051-6673-1-14\par }
{\f1\fs22      Byrne B.M., 2001, INT J TEST, V1, P55, DOI [10.1207/S15327574IJT0101_4, DOI 10.1207/S15327574IJT0101_4]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cacioppo JT, 2006, J RES PERS, V40, P1054, DOI 10.1016/j.jrp.2005.11.007\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cacioppo JT, 2009, TRENDS COGN SCI, V13, P447, DOI 10.1016/j.tics.2009.06.005\par }
{\f1\fs22      Campbell-Sills L, 2007, J TRAUMA STRESS, V20, P1019, DOI 10.1002/jts.20271\par }
{\f1\fs22      Deckx L, 2014, EUR J ONCOL NURS, V18, P466, DOI 10.1016/j.ejon.2014.05.002\par }
{\f1\fs22      Dong X, 2020, SCAND J PSYCHOL, V61, P436, DOI 10.1111/sjop.12596\par }
{\f1\fs22      Favazza AR, 1998, J NERV MENT DIS, V186, P259, DOI 10.1097/00005053-199805000-00001\par }
{\f1\fs22      Flett GL, 2016, PERS INDIV DIFFER, V92, P52, DOI 10.1016/j.paid.2015.12.014\par }
{\f1\fs22      Fox CL, 2006, AGGRESSIVE BEHAV, V32, P110, DOI 10.1002/ab.20114\par }
{\f1\fs22      Garrison C.Z., 1993, J CHILD FAM STUD, V2, P339, DOI DOI 10.1007/BF01321230\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gratz KL, 2003, CLIN PSYCHOL-SCI PR, V10, P192, DOI 10.1093/clipsy/bpg022\par }
{\f1\fs22      Greenberg MT, 2006, ANN NY ACAD SCI, V1094, P139, DOI 10.1196/annals.1376.013\par }
{\f1\fs22      GREENGARD J, 1964, AM J NURS, V64, P98\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hale WW, 2008, J AM ACAD CHILD PSY, V47, P556, DOI 10.1097/CHI.0b013e3181676583\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hamza CA, 2014, J YOUTH ADOLESCENCE, V43, P671, DOI 10.1007/s10964-013-9991-8\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hawkley LC, 2010, ANN BEHAV MED, V40, P218, DOI 10.1007/s12160-010-9210-8\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hawkley LC, 2008, J GERONTOL B-PSYCHOL, V63, pS375, DOI 10.1093/geronb/63.6.S375\par }
{\f1\fs22      HAYS RD, 1987, J PERS ASSESS, V51, P69, DOI 10.1207/s15327752jpa5101_6\par }
{\f1\fs22      He NN, 2021, CHILD ABUSE NEGLECT, V117, DOI 10.1016/j.chiabu.2021.105024\par }
{\f1\fs22      HERPERTZ S, 1995, ACTA PSYCHIAT SCAND, V91, P57, DOI 10.1111/j.1600-0447.1995.tb09743.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hou J., 2004, STRUCTURAL EQUATION\par }
{\f1\fs22      Jackson DL, 2003, STRUCT EQU MODELING, V10, P128, DOI 10.1207/S15328007SEM1001_6\par }
{\f1\fs22      Jacobson CM, 2007, ARCH SUICIDE RES, V11, P129, DOI 10.1080/13811110701247602\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kang N, 2018, J YOUTH ADOLESCENCE, V47, P2220, DOI 10.1007/s10964-018-0877-7\par }
{\f1\fs22      Keppelbenson M. J.., 2011, COMMUNITY PRACTITION, V84, P33, DOI [10.2165/00128072-200204030-00003, DOI 10.2165/00128072-200204030-00003]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Klonsky ED, 2009, PSYCHIAT RES, V166, P260, DOI 10.1016/j.psychres.2008.02.008\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kong F, 2015, NEUROIMAGE, V123, P165, DOI 10.1016/j.neuroimage.2015.08.020\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lerner R. M., 2009, HDB ADOLESCENT PSYCH, V1, P3, DOI DOI 10.1002/9780470479193\par }
{\f1\fs22      LEVENDOSKY AA, 1995, CHILD ABUSE NEGLECT, V19, P1183, DOI 10.1016/0145-2134(95)00086-N\par }
{\f1\fs22      Little TD, 2002, STRUCT EQU MODELING, V9, P151, DOI 10.1207/S15328007SEM0902_1\par }
{\f1\fs22      Liu RT, 2018, LANCET PSYCHIAT, V5, P51, DOI 10.1016/S2215-0366(17)30469-8\par }
{\f1\fs22      Liu X., 2013, CHINESE J SCH HLTH, V34, P353\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lodder GMA, 2016, J YOUTH ADOLESCENCE, V45, P2406, DOI 10.1007/s10964-016-0461-y\par }
{\f1\fs22      Merz EM, 2013, ADV LIFE COURSE RES, V18, P212, DOI 10.1016/j.alcr.2013.05.002\par }
{\f1\fs22      Miller AL, 2005, SOC DEV, V14, P637, DOI 10.1111/j.1467-9507.2005.00321.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Milovancevic MP, 2014, VOJNOSANIT PREGL, V71, P565, DOI 10.2298/VSP1406565P\par }
{\f1\fs22      Muehlenkamp J.J., 2010, PREV RES, V17, P8, DOI DOI 10.1037/E515372010-002\par }
{\f1\fs22      Muehlenkamp JJ, 2009, BEHAV RES THER, V47, P83, DOI 10.1016/j.brat.2008.10.011\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nelson J, 2017, BRIT J PSYCHIAT, V210, P96, DOI 10.1192/bjp.bp.115.180752\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nicolaisen M, 2014, INT J AGING HUM DEV, V78, P229, DOI 10.2190/AG.78.3.b\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock M.K., 2010, PSYCHOL VIOLENCE, V1, P36, DOI [10.1037/2152-0828.1.S.36, DOI 10.1037/2152-0828.1.S.36]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2006, PSYCHIAT RES, V144, P65, DOI 10.1016/j.psychres.2006.05.010\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2010, ANNU REV CLIN PSYCHO, V6, P339, DOI 10.1146/annurev.clinpsy.121208.131258\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2009, CURR DIR PSYCHOL SCI, V18, P78, DOI 10.1111/j.1467-8721.2009.01613.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2005, J ABNORM PSYCHOL, V114, P140, DOI 10.1037/0021-843X.114.1.140\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2004, J CONSULT CLIN PSYCH, V72, P885, DOI 10.1037/0022-006X.72.5.885\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ong AD, 2006, J PERS SOC PSYCHOL, V91, P730, DOI 10.1037/0022-3514.91.4.730\par }
{\f1\fs22      Peh CX, 2017, CHILD ABUSE NEGLECT, V67, P383, DOI 10.1016/j.chiabu.2017.03.013\par }
{\f1\fs22      Peng L, 2017, FRONT PSYCHIATRY, V8, DOI 10.3389/fpsyt.2017.00158\par }
{\f1\fs22      PODSAKOFF PM, 1986, J MANAGE, V12, P531, DOI 10.1177/014920638601200408\par }
{\f1\fs22      Podsakoff PM, 2003, J APPL PSYCHOL, V88, P879, DOI 10.1037/0021-9010.88.5.879\par }
{\f1\fs22      Richardson HA, 2009, ORGAN RES METHODS, V12, P762, DOI 10.1177/1094428109332834\par }
{\f1\fs22      Silvers JA, 2012, EMOTION, V12, P1235, DOI 10.1037/a0028297\par }
{\f1\fs22      Spano S., 2004, STAGES ADOLESCENT DE, DOI 13/19311/StagesAdol_chart.pdf?sequence=2\par }
{\f1\fs22      Swannell S, 2012, CHILD ABUSE NEGLECT, V36, P572, DOI 10.1016/j.chiabu.2012.05.005\par }
{\f1\fs22      Tanzer M, 2014, FRONT HUM NEUROSCI, V8, DOI 10.3389/fnhum.2014.00602\par }
{\f1\fs22      Thoern HA, 2016, PLOS ONE, V11, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0148368\par }
{\f1\fs22      Towbin K. E., 2015, ADOLESCENT DEV, DOI [10.1002/9781118753378.ch12, DOI 10.1002/9781118753378.CH12]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ungar M, 2008, RES HUM DEV, V5, P166, DOI 10.1080/15427600802274019\par }
{\f1\fs22      World Health Organization, 2014, HLTH WORLDS AD\par }
{\f1\fs22      World Health Organization, 2020, NAT GUID SELF CAR RE\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wu CH, 2008, PERS INDIV DIFFER, V44, P1762, DOI 10.1016/j.paid.2008.02.003\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wu L. M, 2010, STRUCTURAL EQUATION\par }
{\f1\fs22      [\u21556?\u33395? Wu Yan], 2011, [\u24515?\u29702?\u31185?\u23398?\u36827?\u23637?, Advances in Psychological Science], V19, P1859\par }
{\f1\fs22      Xiang Y. H., 2019, J PSYCHOL SCI, V01, P191, DOI [1 0.16719/j.cnki.1671-6981.20210127, DOI 10.16719/J.CNKI.1671-6981.20210127]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Xiang YH, 2021, J HEALTH PSYCHOL, V26, P2460, DOI 10.1177/1359105320914381\par }
{\f1\fs22      Xiang YH, 2020, J AGGRESS MALTREAT T, V29, P1113, DOI 10.1080/10926771.2019.1685046\par }
{\f1\fs22      Xiang YH, 2018, FRONT PSYCHOL, V9, DOI 10.3389/fpsyg.2018.01054\par }
{\f1\fs22      You JN, 2016, PERS INDIV DIFFER, V101, P227, DOI 10.1016/j.paid.2016.05.057\par }
{\f1\fs22      You JN, 2013, J ADOLESCENCE, V36, P737, DOI 10.1016/j.adolescence.2013.05.007\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zelkowitz RL, 2016, SUICIDE LIFE-THREAT, V46, P545, DOI 10.1111/sltb.12236\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zhao JX, 2019, FRONT PSYCHIATRY, V10, DOI 10.3389/fpsyt.2019.00415\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zhao X., 2005, CHINESE J TISSUE ENG, V9, P209, DOI [10.3321/j.issn:1673-8225.2005.20.052, DOI 10.3321/J.ISSN:1673-8225.2005.20.052, DOI 10.3321/J.ISSN:1673-8225.2005.16.037]\par }
{\f1\fs22 He, Nina Xiang, Yanhui\par }
{\f1\fs22 General Project of National Social Science Foundation of China [19BSH114]\par }
{\f1\fs22 Funding This work was supported by the General Project of National Social Science Foundation of China [grant numbers 19BSH114] . The funder had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish or preparation of the manuscript.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 7\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pergamon-elsevier science ltd\par }
{\f1\fs22 Oxford\par }
{\f1\fs22 1873-7765\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000788126300001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1986202203/1-s2.0-S0190740921004114-main.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [He, Nina; Xiang, Yanhui] Hunan Normal Univ, Dept Psychol, Changsha, Peoples R China. [He, Nina; Xiang, Yanhui] Hunan Normal Univ, Cognit & Human Behav Key Lab Hunan Prov, Changsha, Peoples R China. [Xiang, Yanhui] Hunan Normal Univ, Key Lab Big Data Basic Educ, Changsha 410081, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiang, YH (corresponding author), Hunan Normal Univ, Dept Psychol, Changsha, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 xiangyh@hunnu.edu.cn\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Heisel, M. J.\line %A Neufeld, E.\line %A Flett, G. L.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2016\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Reasons for living, meaning in life, and suicide ideation: investigating the roles of key positive psychological factors in reducing suicide risk in community-residing older adults\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Aging Ment Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 20\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 195-207\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20150825\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Reasons for living, meaning in life, and suicide ideation: investigating the roles of key positive psychological factors in reducing suicide risk in community-residing older adults\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1360-7863\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/13607863.2015.1078279\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 26305088\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aged, 80 and over\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Loneliness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychometrics/instrumentation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Reproducibility of Results\par }
{\f1\fs22 Residence Characteristics\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment/*methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires/*standards\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gsis\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rfl\par }
{\f1\fs22 geropsychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 meaning in life\par }
{\f1\fs22 older adults, reasons for living\par }
{\f1\fs22 psychological resiliency\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 validation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVES: To investigate the roles of reasons for living (RFL) and meaning in life (MIL) in potentially promoting mental health and well-being and protecting against suicide ideation among community-residing older adults and to investigate the psychometric properties of the Reasons for Living Scale-Older Adult version (RFL-OA). METHOD: Of 173 older adults initially recruited into a longitudinal study on late-life suicide ideation, 109 completed the RFL-OA and measures of cognitive and physical functioning and positive and negative psychological factors at a two-year follow-up assessment. We tested a model in which RFL and MIL protect against suicide ideation, controlling for demographic and clinical factors. We also assessed the psychometric properties of the RFL-OA in community-residing older adults, investigating its internal consistency and its convergent (MIL, perceived social support, and life satisfaction), divergent (loneliness, depressive symptom severity, and suicide ideation), and discriminant validity (cognitive and physical functioning). RESULTS: RFL-OA scores explained significant variance in suicide ideation, controlling for age, sex, depressive symptom severity, and loneliness. MIL explained significant unique variance in suicide ideation, controlling for these factors and RFL, and MIL significantly mediated the association between RFL and suicide ideation. Psychometric analyses indicated strong internal consistency (\u945? = .94), convergent, divergent, and discriminant validity for the RFL-OA relative to positive and negative psychological factors and cognitive and physical functioning. CONCLUSION: These findings add to a growing body of literature suggesting merit in investigating positive psychological factors together with negative factors when assessing suicide risk and planning psychological services for older adults.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1364-6915\par }
{\f1\fs22 Heisel, Marnin J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Neufeld, Eva\par }
{\f1\fs22 Flett, Gordon L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2015/08/26\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aging Ment Health. 2016;20(2):195-207. doi: 10.1080/13607863.2015.1078279. Epub 2015 Aug 25.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ a Departments of Psychiatry and of Epidemiology & Biostatistics , Schulich School of Medicine and Dentistry, The University of Western Ontario , London , Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 b Lawson Health Research Institute , London , Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 c Center for the Study and Prevention of Suicide , University of Rochester Medical Center , Rochester , NY , USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 d Centre for Rural and Northern Health Research , Laurentian University , Sudbury , Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 e Department of Psychology , York University , Toronto , Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Hereld, Diana Christine\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Music as a regulator of emotion: Three case studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Music and Medicine\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 11\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 183-194\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Music as a regulator of emotion: Three case studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1943-8621\par }
{\f1\fs22 1943-863X\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.47513/mmd.v11i3.644\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2020-12803-005\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Music\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotion Regulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 Trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 Affective Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotional Regulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotional Trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 Music Therapy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Borderline Personality Disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 Generalized Anxiety Disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hope\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Destructive Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Complex PTSD\par }
{\f1\fs22 Negative Emotions\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidality\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X This study explores music in the reduction of negative affect and emotion. Focusing on musical behavior in emotion regulation as it relates to trauma, this study investigates three questions: How do conscientious music listening practices impact the regulation of affect and self-harming impulses in individuals who experience trauma, mental illness, or self-destructive behavior? What aspects of musical intensity help alleviate anger, pain, sadness, despair, hopelessness, or suicidal ideation? How do participants use varied listening strategies to modulate negative affect and emotions? Three case studies of two American females and one male aged 18-26 with history of a diagnosis of general anxiety disorder, borderline personality disorder, prior self-harm or suicidality, complex trauma, and PTSD are presented using a combined ethnographic approach, including survey administration, interviews, and phenomenological exploration. Through the review and thematic analysis of behavior in response to musical interaction both during and following traumatic life events, this study shows music is a successful tool for modulating overwhelming negative emotion, fostering hope and resilience, and circumventing self-destructive impulses. These results reveal potential for future research investigating the role of musical affect regulation in both trauma recovery and reducing self-destructive behavior. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA, US. Other Publishers: The International Association for Music & Medicine. Release Date: 20210311. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Affective Disorders; Emotional Regulation; Emotional Trauma; Music Therapy; Resilience (Psychological). Minor Descriptor: Borderline Personality Disorder; Generalized Anxiety Disorder; Hope; Self-Destructive Behavior; Self-Injurious Behavior; Complex PTSD; Negative Emotions; Suicidality. Classification: Art & Music & Movement Therapy (3357). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300); Young Adulthood (18-29 yrs) (320). Methodology: Clinical Case Study. Page Count: 12. Issue Publication Date: Jul, 2019. Copyright Statement: All rights reserved. International Association for Music & Medicine (IAMM). 2019.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2020-12803-005&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 dianahereld@gmail.com\par }
{\f1\fs22 https://mmd.iammonline.com/index.php/musmed/article/download/644/pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0329189490/Hereld-2019-Music as a regulator of emotion_ T.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Hereld, Diana Christine\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Hirschtritt, M. E.\line %A Ord\u243?\u241?ez, A. E.\line %A Rico, Y. C.\line %A LeWinn, K. Z.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Internal resilience, peer victimization, and suicidal ideation among adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Int J Adolesc Med Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 27\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 415-23\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Nov\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Internal resilience, peer victimization, and suicidal ideation among adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0334-0139\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1515/ijamh-2014-0060\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 25719294\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent Behavior/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 California/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Crime Victims/classification/*psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Educational Status\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health Surveys\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Odds Ratio\par }
{\f1\fs22 Peer Group\par }
{\f1\fs22 Protective Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Schools\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sex Distribution\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students/psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Substance-Related Disorders/epidemiology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X PURPOSE: Our goal was to examine the association between peer victimization (PV) and suicidal ideation (SI), and the degree to which internal resilience moderates this association. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We examined the independent associations between PV frequency and type (verbal, cyber, physical, and relational), internal resilience, and the risk of SI within the last 12 months among 9th and 11th grade students participating in the California Healthy Kids Survey (CHKS) (n=42,594; 55.2% female; 72.2% non-white). RESULTS: Odds ratios (OR) of SI associated with very low- (at least 1 PV type 1 time, but none more than 1 time), low- (at least 1 PV type 2-3 times, but none more than 2-3 times), and moderate/high- (at least 1 PV type 4 times or more) frequency PV compared with no PV were 1.30 (95% CI=1.15-1.45), 1.70 (95% CI=1.51-1.90) and 2.47 (95% CI=1.23-2.73), respectively. Any exposure to physical (OR=1.31; 95% CI=1.19-1.44), relational (OR=1.26; 95% CI=1.15-1.38), verbal (OR=1.38; 95% CI=1.27-1.50), or cyber (OR=1.26; 95% CI=1.15-1.39) PV was associated with increased odds of SI compared with no PV. Internal resilience was associated with lower odds of SI (OR=0.98, 95% CI=0.98-0.99), regardless of PV exposure. The slope between internal resilience and SI was significantly steeper for those subjects who experienced verbal PV (OR interaction=0.99; 95% CI=0.98-1.00). CONCLUSION: Even infrequent PV was found to be associated with increased risk for SI. Internal resilience was associated with reduced SI, particularly for verbal forms of PV. Our results suggested that efforts to decrease SI among adolescents should be directed toward both preventing PV and strengthening internal resilience.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 2191-0278\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hirschtritt, Matthew E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ord\u243?\u241?ez, Anna E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rico, Yvette C\par }
{\f1\fs22 LeWinn, Kaja Z\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Germany\par }
{\f1\fs22 2015/02/27\par }
{\f1\fs22 Int J Adolesc Med Health. 2015 Nov;27(4):415-23. doi: 10.1515/ijamh-2014-0060.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Huang, L.\line %A Mossige, S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience in young people living with violence and self-harm: evidence from a Norwegian national youth survey\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychol Res Behav Manag\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 8\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 231-8\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20150819\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience in young people living with violence and self-harm: evidence from a Norwegian national youth survey\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1179-1578 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1179-1578\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.2147/prbm.S75382\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC4548757\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 26316830\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K psychological problem\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 violence\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The aim of this article is to explore the relationship between resilience and the psychological problems of young people who reported being victims of violence and who engaged in self-harm. We used data from a national survey conducted in 2007 asking young people in Norway (N=6,034; ages 18-19 years) about their experiences with violence during their childhood and during the past 12 months, and also about their mental health and experiences of self-harm. Our analyses revealed that resilience, as measured by the Resilience Scale for Adolescents, correlates significantly and negatively with psychological problems among all young people, and that this correlation is substantially stronger for those youths who reported violent experiences and those who engaged in self-harm.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1179-1578\par }
{\f1\fs22 Huang, Lihong\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mossige, Svein\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2015/09/01\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychol Res Behav Manag. 2015 Aug 19;8:231-8. doi: 10.2147/PRBM.S75382. eCollection 2015.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.dovepress.com/getfile.php?fileID=26595\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2954711535/Huang-2015-Resilience in young people living w.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ NOVA - Norwegian Social Research, Oslo and Akershus University College of Applied Sciences, Oslo, Norway.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Huang, Lihong\line %A Mossige, Svein\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience in young people living with violence and self-harm: Evidence from a Norwegian national youth survey\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychology Research and Behavior Management\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 8\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience in young people living with violence and self-harm: Evidence from a Norwegian national youth survey\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1179-1578\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2016-55873-001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 violence\par }
{\f1\fs22 psychological problem\par }
{\f1\fs22 Attempted Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child Abuse\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Physical Abuse\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sexual Abuse\par }
{\f1\fs22 Verbal Abuse\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent Characteristics\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The aim of this article is to explore the relationship between resilience and the psychological problems of young people who reported being victims of violence and who engaged in self-harm. We used data from a national survey conducted in 2007 asking young people in Norway (N=6,034; ages 18\u8211?19 years) about their experiences with violence during their childhood and during the past 12 months, and also about their mental health and experiences of self-harm. Our analyses revealed that resilience, as measured by the Resilience Scale for Adolescents, correlates significantly and negatively with psychological problems among all young people, and that this correlation is substantially stronger for those youths who reported violent experiences and those who engaged in self-harm. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z NOVA \u8211? Norwegian Social Research, Oslo and Akershus University College of Applied Sciences, Oslo, Norway. Release Date: 20170406. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Attempted Suicide; Child Abuse; Resilience (Psychological); Self-Injurious Behavior; Violence. Minor Descriptor: Mental Health; Physical Abuse; Sexual Abuse; Verbal Abuse; Adolescent Characteristics. Classification: Behavior Disorders & Antisocial Behavior (3230). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: Norway. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300); Young Adulthood (18-29 yrs) (320). Tests & Measures: Hopkins Symptom Checklist -- 12-Item Short Version; Resilience Scale for Adolescents. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. References Available: Y. ArtID: 231-238. Issue Publication Date: Aug 19, 2015. Copyright Statement: This work is published by Dove Medical Press Limited, and licensed under Creative Commons Attribution \u8211? Non Commercial (unported, v3.0) License. The full terms of the License are available at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/. Non-commercial uses of the work are permitted without any further permission from Dove Medical Press Limited, provided the work is properly attributed. Permissions beyond the scope of the License are administered by Dove Medical Press Limited. Information on how to request permission may be found at: http://www.dovepress.com/permissions.php. Huang and Mossige. 2015.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2016-55873-001&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 lihong.huang@nova.hioa.no\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Huang, Lihong, NOVA \u8211? Norwegian Social Research, Oslo and Akershus University College of Applied Sciences, Postbox 4 St Olavs plass, 0130, Oslo, Norway\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Huang, L. H.\line %A Mossige, S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience in young people living with violence and self-harm: evidence from a Norwegian national youth survey\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychology Research and Behavior Management\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 8\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 231-238\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience in young people living with violence and self-harm: evidence from a Norwegian national youth survey\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O Psychol. Res. Behav. Manag.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1179-1578\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.2147/prbm.S75382\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000213860200024\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 violence\par }
{\f1\fs22 psychological problem\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The aim of this article is to explore the relationship between resilience and the psychological problems of young people who reported being victims of violence and who engaged in self-harm. We used data from a national survey conducted in 2007 asking young people in Norway (N= 6,034; ages 18-19 years) about their experiences with violence during their childhood and during the past 12 months, and also about their mental health and experiences of self-harm. Our analyses revealed that resilience, as measured by the Resilience Scale for Adolescents, correlates significantly and negatively with psychological problems among all young people, and that this correlation is substantially stronger for those youths who reported violent experiences and those who engaged in self-harm.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: V05GD\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 8\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 27\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      Adler PA, 2007, J CONTEMP ETHNOGR, V36, P537, DOI 10.1177/0891241607301968\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bernburg JG, 2009, SOC SCI MED, V68, P380, DOI 10.1016/j.socscimed.2008.10.020\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bruffaerts R, 2010, BRIT J PSYCHIAT, V197, P20, DOI 10.1192/bjp.bp.109.074716\par }
{\f1\fs22      Carr K, 2012, THESIS\par }
{\f1\fs22      Chandler A, 2012, SOCIOLOGY, V46, P442, DOI 10.1177/0038038511422589\par }
{\f1\fs22      Dube SR, 2001, JAMA-J AM MED ASSOC, V286, P3089, DOI 10.1001/jama.286.24.3089\par }
{\f1\fs22      Fergusson DM, 2000, PSYCHOL MED, V30, P23, DOI 10.1017/S003329179900135X\par }
{\f1\fs22      Fisher HL, 2012, BRIT MED J, V344, DOI 10.1136/bmj.e2683\par }
{\f1\fs22      Glantz M.D., 1999, RESILIENCE DEV POSIT\par }
{\f1\fs22      Greydanus Donald E., 2009, Keio Journal of Medicine, V58, P144\par }
{\f1\fs22      Groholt B, 2006, SUICIDE LIFE-THREAT, V36, P638, DOI 10.1521/suli.2006.36.6.638\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hjemdal O, 2006, MEASUREMENT EVALUATI, P84\par }
{\f1\fs22      Huang LH, 2012, SOC PSYCHOL EDUC, V15, P147, DOI 10.1007/s11218-011-9174-y\par }
{\f1\fs22      King CA, 2008, ARCH SUICIDE RES, V12, P181, DOI 10.1080/13811110802101203\par }
{\f1\fs22      Luthar S. S., 2003, RESILIENCE VULNERABI\par }
{\f1\fs22      McMahon EM, 2012, SOC SCI MED, V74, P490, DOI 10.1016/j.socscimed.2011.12.001\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mossige S, 2014, CHILD FAMILY SOCIAL\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mossige S, 2007, 20 NOVA, V7\par }
{\f1\fs22      Noltemeyer AL, 2013, SCHOOL PSYCHOL INT, V34, P474, DOI 10.1177/0143034312472758\par }
{\f1\fs22      Stein DJ, 2010, PLOS ONE, V5, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0010574\par }
{\f1\fs22      Theron LC, 2013, SCHOOL PSYCHOL INT, V34, P51, DOI 10.1177/0143034311425579\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ungar M, 2008, BRIT J SOC WORK, V38, P218, DOI 10.1093/bjsw/bc1343\par }
{\f1\fs22      von Soest T, 2010, J PSYCHOPATHOL BEHAV, V32, P215, DOI 10.1007/s10862-009-9149-x\par }
{\f1\fs22      WICHSTROM L, 1995, PSYCHOL MED, V25, P567, DOI 10.1017/S0033291700033481\par }
{\f1\fs22      Williams J, 2012, CHILD ABUSE NEGLECT, V36, P53, DOI 10.1016/j.chiabu.2011.07.004\par }
{\f1\fs22      Yates TM, 2008, DEV PSYCHOPATHOL, V20, P651, DOI 10.1017/S0954579408000321\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zautra AJ, 2010, HDB ADULT RESILIENCE, P3\par }
{\f1\fs22 Huang, Lihong Mossige, Svein\par }
{\f1\fs22 Huang, Lihong/I-7833-2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 Huang, Lihong/0000-0002-0315-4369\par }
{\f1\fs22 8\par }
{\f1\fs22 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 5\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dove medical press ltd\par }
{\f1\fs22 Albany\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000213860200024\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Huang, Lihong] Oslo & Akershus Univ, Coll Appl Sci, NOVA, Norwegian Social Res, Postbox 4 St Olavs Plass, N-0130 Oslo, Norway. [Mossige, Svein] Univ Oslo, Dept Psychol, Oslo, Norway.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Huang, LH (corresponding author), Oslo & Akershus Univ, Coll Appl Sci, NOVA, Norwegian Social Res, Postbox 4 St Olavs Plass, N-0130 Oslo, Norway.\par }
{\f1\fs22 lihong.huang@nova.hioa.no\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Huemer, Julia\line %A V\u246?lkl-Kernstock, Sabine\line %A Karnik, Niranjan\line %A Denny, Katherine G.\line %A Granditsch, Elisabeth\line %A Mitterer, Michaela\line %A Humphreys, Keith\line %A Plattner, Belinda\line %A Friedrich, Max\line %A Shaw, Richard J.\line %A Steiner, Hans\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2013\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Personality and psychopathology in African unaccompanied refugee minors: Repression, resilience and vulnerability\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Child Psychiatry and Human Development\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 44\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 39-50\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Personality and psychopathology in African unaccompanied refugee minors: Repression, resilience and vulnerability\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0009-398X\par }
{\f1\fs22 1573-3327\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1007/s10578-012-0308-z\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2013-02853-003\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K personality symptoms\par }
{\f1\fs22 psychopathology symptoms\par }
{\f1\fs22 unaccompanied refugee minors\par }
{\f1\fs22 repression\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 vulnerability\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adaptation, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 African Continental Ancestry Group\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Life Change Events\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Minors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Personality\par }
{\f1\fs22 Refugees\par }
{\f1\fs22 Repression, Psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self Report\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Adjustment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Minority Groups\par }
{\f1\fs22 Personality Traits\par }
{\f1\fs22 Repression Sensitization\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychopathology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Susceptibility (Disorders)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Symptoms\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Examining personality and psychopathological symptoms among unaccompanied refugee minors (URMs), we measured intra-individual dimensions (repression and correlates thereof) usually associated with resilience. Forty-one URMs completed the Weinberger Adjustment Inventory (WAI), assessing personality, and the Youth Self- Report (YSR), describing current symptoms. URMs endorsed high levels of Repressive Defensiveness, Denial of Distress, and Restraint; unexpectedly, URMs reported high Distress and reduced Happiness (WAI, p\u8217?s\\0.05). Although YSR symptoms were below clinical cut points, there were notable correlations between Distress and Attention Problems, Self-destructive, and Aggressive Behavior (all on the YSR), correcting for multiple comparisons (p\u8217?s\\0.004). URMs exposed to non-normative stressors reported non-symptomatic outcomes, and high levels of personality dimensions correlating with resilience. However, URMs also endorsed high Distress and low Happiness, calling their resilience into question. Positive correlations between WAI Distress and YSR symptom subscales suggest that URMs harbor vulnerabilities of clinical and forensic significance. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Department of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, Medical University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria. Release Date: 20130422. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Minority Groups; Personality Traits; Refugees; Repression Sensitization; Resilience (Psychological). Minor Descriptor: Psychopathology; Susceptibility (Disorders); Symptoms. Classification: Personality Traits & Processes (3120). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: Africa. Age Group: Adolescence (13-17 yrs) (200); Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300); Young Adulthood (18-29 yrs) (320). Tests & Measures: Psychopathology Screening Scale; Weinberger Adjustment Inventory DOI: 10.1037/t05237-000; Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory; Youth Self-Report. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. References Available: Y. Page Count: 12. Issue Publication Date: Feb, 2013. Publication History: First Posted Date: Jun 4, 2012. Copyright Statement: Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. 2012.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2013-02853-003&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0001-7650-3008\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0003-1942-763X\par }
{\f1\fs22 julia.huemer@meduniwien.ac.at\par }
{\f1\fs22 https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10578-012-0308-z\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://4150494425/Huemeretal2013.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Huemer, Julia, Department of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, Medical University of Vienna, Waehringer Guertel 18-20, 1090, Vienna, Austria\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Ismail, N.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Deterioration, drift, distraction, and denial: How the politics of austerity challenges the resilience of prison health governance and delivery in England\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Health Policy\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 124\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 12\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1368-1378\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20200921\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Dec\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Deterioration, drift, distraction, and denial: How the politics of austerity challenges the resilience of prison health governance and delivery in England\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0168-8510 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0168-8510\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.healthpol.2020.09.004\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC7505109\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 32988648\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K England\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health Policy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Politics\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Prisoners\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prisons\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Austerity\par }
{\f1\fs22 Incarceration\par }
{\f1\fs22 Neoliberalism\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prison\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prison health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Extant scholarship has demonstrated that macroeconomic austerity disproportionately harms marginalised end-users. Its impact on the governance and delivery of health provisions on such individuals, however, has received less attention. Drawing on interviews with 27 policy elites involved with England's prison health policy, interviewees perceive that austerity policies have shaped and constrained the prison health system through the politics of deterioration, drift, distraction, and denial. The deterioration of the prison workforce size has been linked to diminished prisoner access to healthcare, attendant with an increased number of riots, assaults, acts of self-harm, and suicides. Concurrently, the microeconomic structure of organised crime is filling the void in prison governance, thus conducing to heightened abuse of psychoactive substances, as well as a surge in associated medical emergencies and violence. Successful prosecution of prior sexual offences, continued incarceration of those imprisoned for indeterminate sentences, and harsh sentencing practices have created policy drift, unremitting overcrowding, and reinforced excessive dependency on prison healthcare resources. The rapid turnover of justice ministers and intensified push for prison privatisation have enabled widespread distraction. Moreover, despite well-documented crises besetting English prisons, politicians seemingly remain in a state of denial. Preventive imprisonment, recurrent spending, and enhanced financial and political accountability measures are necessary to mitigate the effects of austerity and germane policies fomenting inimical impacts on England's prison health system.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1872-6054\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ismail, Nasrul\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2020/09/30\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health Policy. 2020 Dec;124(12):1368-1378. doi: 10.1016/j.healthpol.2020.09.004. Epub 2020 Sep 21.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7505109/pdf/main.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0893715668/Ismail-2020-Deterioration, drift, distraction.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Centre for Public Health & Wellbeing, University of the West of England (UWE Bristol), Frenchay Campus, Coldharbour Lane, Bristol BS16 1QY, United Kingdom. Electronic address: Nasrul.Ismail@uwe.ac.uk.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Jamieson, L. M.\line %A Paradies, Y. C.\line %A Gunthorpe, W.\line %A Cairney, S. J.\line %A Sayers, S. M.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2011\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Oral health and social and emotional well-being in a birth cohort of Aboriginal Australian young adults\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B BMC Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 11\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 656\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20110819\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Aug 19\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Oral health and social and emotional well-being in a birth cohort of Aboriginal Australian young adults\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1471-2458\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1186/1471-2458-11-656\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC3176220\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 21851641\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Anxiety/*ethnology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Australia/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cultural Characteristics\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/*ethnology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Follow-Up Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health/*ethnology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Oral Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prejudice\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prospective Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sex Distribution\par }
{\f1\fs22 Socioeconomic Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stomatognathic Diseases/*ethnology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Substance-Related Disorders/ethnology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*ethnology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Social and emotional well-being is an important component of overall health. In the Indigenous Australian context, risk indicators of poor social and emotional well-being include social determinants such as poor education, employment, income and housing as well as substance use, racial discrimination and cultural knowledge. This study sought to investigate associations between oral health-related factors and social and emotional well-being in a birth cohort of young Aboriginal adults residing in the northern region of Australia's Northern Territory. METHODS: Data were collected on five validated domains of social and emotional well-being: anxiety, resilience, depression, suicide and overall mental health. Independent variables included socio-demographics, dental health behaviour, dental disease experience, oral health-related quality of life, substance use, racial discrimination and cultural knowledge. RESULTS: After adjusting for other covariates, poor oral health-related items were associated with each of the social and emotional well-being domains. Specifically, anxiety was associated with being female, having one or more decayed teeth and racial discrimination. Resilience was associated with being male, having a job, owning a toothbrush, having one or more filled teeth and knowing a lot about Indigenous culture; while being female, having experienced dental pain in the past year, use of alcohol, use of marijuana and racial discrimination were associated with depression. Suicide was associated with being female, having experience of untreated dental decay and racial discrimination; while being female, having experience of dental disease in one or more teeth, being dissatisfied about dental appearance and racial discrimination were associated with poor mental health. CONCLUSION: The results suggest there may be value in including oral health-related initiatives when exploring the role of physical conditions on Indigenous social and emotional well-being.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1471-2458\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jamieson, Lisa M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Paradies, Yin C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gunthorpe, Wendy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cairney, Sheree J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sayers, Susan M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 2011/08/20\par }
{\f1\fs22 BMC Public Health. 2011 Aug 19;11:656. doi: 10.1186/1471-2458-11-656.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3176220/pdf/1471-2458-11-656.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2137423454/Jamieson-2011-Oral health and social and emoti.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Australian Research Center for Population Oral Health, The University of Adelaide, South Australia 5005, Australia. lisa.jamieson@adelaide.edu.au\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Jiao, X. Y.\line %A Xu, C. Z.\line %A Chen, Y.\line %A Peng, Q. L.\line %A Ran, H. L.\line %A Che, Y. S.\line %A Fang, D.\line %A Peng, J. W.\line %A Chen, L.\line %A Wang, S. F.\line %A Xiao, Y. Y.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Personality traits and self-harm behaviors among Chinese children and adolescents: The mediating effect of psychological resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B World J Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 12\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 494-504\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20220319\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar 19\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Personality traits and self-harm behaviors among Chinese children and adolescents: The mediating effect of psychological resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 2220-3206 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 2220-3206\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.5498/wjp.v12.i3.494\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 Conflict-of-interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC8968495\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 35433324\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotion regulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mediation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Personality traits\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Previous studies have shown that personality traits are associated with self-harm (SH) in adolescents. However, the role of resilience in this association remains unclear. Our research aims to explore the hypothesized mediation effect of resilience in the relationship between personality traits and SH in Chinese children and adolescents. AIM: To evaluate resilience as a mediator of the association between personality traits and SH. METHODS: A population-based cross-sectional survey involving 4471 children and adolescents in Yunnan province in southwestern China was carried out. Relevant data were collected by self-reporting questionnaires. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression models were employed to identify associated factors of SH. A path model was used to assess the mediation effect of resilience with respect to personality traits and SH association. RESULTS: Among the 4471 subjects, 1795 reported SH, with a prevalence of 40.1% (95%CI: 34.4%-46.0%). All dimensions of personality traits were significantly associated with SH prevalence. Resilience significantly mediated the associations between three dimensions of personality (extroversion, neuroticism, psychoticism) and SH, accounting for 21.5%, 4.53%, and 9.65%, respectively, of the total associations. Among all dimensions of resilience, only emotional regulation played a significant mediation role. CONCLUSION: The results of the study suggest that improving emotion regulation ability might be effective in preventing personality-associated SH among Chinese children and adolescents.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 2220-3206\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jiao, Xue-Yang\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xu, Chuan-Zhi\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chen, Ying\par }
{\f1\fs22 Peng, Qing-Lan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ran, Hai-Liang\par }
{\f1\fs22 Che, Yu-San\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fang, Die\par }
{\f1\fs22 Peng, Jun-Wei\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chen, Lin\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wang, Si-Fan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, Yuan-Yuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2022/04/19\par }
{\f1\fs22 World J Psychiatry. 2022 Mar 19;12(3):494-504. doi: 10.5498/wjp.v12.i3.494. eCollection 2022 Mar 19.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8968495/pdf/WJP-12-494.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2136386940/Jiao-2022-Personality traits and self-harm beh.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming 650500, Yunnan Province, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming 650500, Yunnan Province, China. 33225647@qq.com.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Jiao, X. Y.\line %A Xu, C. Z.\line %A Chen, Y.\line %A Peng, Q. L.\line %A Ran, H. L.\line %A Che, Y. S.\line %A Fang, D.\line %A Peng, J. W.\line %A Chen, L.\line %A Wang, S. F.\line %A Xiao, Y. Y.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Personality traits and self-harm behaviors among Chinese children and adolescents: The mediating effect of psychological resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B World Journal of Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 12\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 494-504\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Personality traits and self-harm behaviors among Chinese children and adolescents: The mediating effect of psychological resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O World J. Psychiatr.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 2220-3206\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.5498/wjp.v12.i3.494\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000788274700008\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotion regulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mediation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Personality traits\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 emotion regulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 impulsivity\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 utility\par }
{\f1\fs22 injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 women\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND Previous studies have shown that personality traits are associated with self-harm (SH) in adolescents. However, the role of resilience in this association remains unclear. Our research aims to explore the hypothesized mediation effect of resilience in the relationship between personality traits and SH in Chinese children and adolescents. AIM To evaluate resilience as a mediator of the association between personality traits and SH. METHODS A population- based cross- sectional survey involving 4471 children and adolescents in Yunnan province in southwestern China was carried out. Relevant data were collected by self-reporting questionnaires. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression models were employed to identify associated factors of SH. A path model was used to assess the mediation effect of resilience with respect to personality traits and SH association. RESULTS Among the 4471 subjects, 1795 reported SH, with a prevalence of 40.1% (95%CI: 34.4%- 46.0%). All dimensions of personality traits were significantly associated with SH prevalence. Resilience significantly mediated the associations between three dimensions of personality (extroversion, neuroticism, psychoticism) and SH, accounting for 21.5%, 4.53%, and 9.65%, respectively, of the total associations. Among all dimensions of resilience, only emotional regulation played a significant mediation role. CONCLUSION The results of the study suggest that improving emotion regulation ability might be effective in preventing personality-associated SH among Chinese children and adolescents.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: 0V3VT\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 0\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 40\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      Brereton A, 2020, ARCH SUICIDE RES, V24, P1, DOI 10.1080/13811118.2018.1563575\par }
{\f1\fs22      Campbell-Sills L, 2006, BEHAV RES THER, V44, P585, DOI 10.1016/j.brat.2005.05.001\par }
{\f1\fs22      Chang SHC, 2018, J CLIN NURS, V27, pE1385, DOI 10.1111/jocn.14236\par }
{\f1\fs22      [\u38472?\u39134? Chen Fei], 2017, [\u20013?\u21326?\u30142?\u30149?\u25511?\u21046?\u26434?\u24535?, Chinese Journal of Disease Control & Prevention], V21, P387\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cole P M, 1994, Monogr Soc Res Child Dev, V59, P73\par }
{\f1\fs22      Di Pierro R, 2012, EUR CHILD ADOLES PSY, V21, P511, DOI 10.1007/s00787-012-0289-2\par }
{\f1\fs22      [\u19969?\u23506?\u29748? Ding Hanqin], 2021, [\u25252?\u29702?\u23398?\u26434?\u24535?, Journal of Nursing Science], V36, P62\par }
{\f1\fs22      Eley DS, 2013, PEERJ, V1, DOI 10.7717/peerj.216\par }
{\f1\fs22      Feng Y., 2008, RELATIONSHIP ADOLECE\par }
{\f1\fs22      Garcia HA., 2018, REV ESP SALUD PUBLIC, V92\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gillies D, 2018, J AM ACAD CHILD PSY, V57, P733, DOI 10.1016/j.jaac.2018.06.018\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gong, 1984, J PSYCHOL SCI, V4, P13, DOI DOI 10.1016/0191-8869(84)90008-4\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gratz KL, 2006, BEHAV THER, V37, P25, DOI 10.1016/j.beth.2005.03.002\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gratz KL, 2015, CURR OPIN PSYCHOL, V3, P85, DOI 10.1016/j.copsyc.2015.02.010\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gratz KL, 2011, PERSONAL DISORD, V2, P316, DOI 10.1037/a0022144\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hafferty JD, 2019, SOC PSYCH PSYCH EPID, V54, P1505, DOI 10.1007/s00127-019-01725-7\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hawton K, 2003, J CHILD PSYCHOL PSYC, V44, P1191, DOI 10.1111/1469-7610.00200\par }
{\f1\fs22      [\u32993?\u26376?\u29748? HU YueQin], 2008, [\u24515?\u29702?\u23398?\u25253?, Acta Psychologica Sinica], V40, P902\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hughes DJ, 2020, EMOTION, V20, P63, DOI 10.1037/emo0000644\par }
{\f1\fs22      Junker A, 2019, EUR CHILD ADOLES PSY, V28, P329, DOI 10.1007/s00787-018-1197-x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kuang L, 2020, J BEHAV ADDICT, V9, P676, DOI 10.1556/2006.2020.00032\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lang JJ, 2018, MEDICINE, V97, DOI 10.1097/MD.0000000000012916\par }
{\f1\fs22      Levis, 2019, BMJ-BRIT MED J, V365, DOI 10.1136/bmj.l1781\par }
{\f1\fs22      Li M., 2019, WORLD LATEST MED INF, V19, P23\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lim KS, 2019, INT J ENV RES PUB HE, V16, DOI 10.3390/ijerph16224581\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lockwood J, 2020, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V274, P583, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2020.05.021\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lockwood J, 2017, EUR CHILD ADOLES PSY, V26, P387, DOI 10.1007/s00787-016-0915-5\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mars B, 2019, LANCET PSYCHIAT, V6, P327, DOI 10.1016/S2215-0366(19)30030-6\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mishara BL, 1999, SUICIDE LIFE-THREAT, V29, P105\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nakaya M, 2006, PSYCHOL REP, V98, P927, DOI 10.2466/PR0.98.3.927-930\par }
{\f1\fs22      O'Donnell O, 2015, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V175, P325, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2014.12.051\par }
{\f1\fs22      Plummer F, 2016, GEN HOSP PSYCHIAT, V39, P24, DOI 10.1016/j.genhosppsych.2015.11.005\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ran HL, 2020, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V277, P115, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2020.07.136\par }
{\f1\fs22      Shi M, 2015, PLOS ONE, V10, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0119916\par }
{\f1\fs22      Spitzer RL, 1999, JAMA-J AM MED ASSOC, V282, P1737, DOI 10.1001/jama.282.18.1737\par }
{\f1\fs22      Tian X, 2019, BMC PUBLIC HEALTH, V19, DOI 10.1186/s12889-019-8075-4\par }
{\f1\fs22      Whitlock J, 2013, J ADOLESCENT HEALTH, V52, P486, DOI 10.1016/j.jadohealth.2012.09.010\par }
{\f1\fs22      Xiao YY, 2020, ASIAN J PSYCHIATR, V48, DOI 10.1016/j.ajp.2019.101883\par }
{\f1\fs22      Xu MJ., 2016, MODERN PREVEN MED, V43, P4143\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zhang Y., 2009, PRACT PRE MED, V16, P378\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jiao, Xue-Yang Xu, Chuan-Zhi Chen, Ying Peng, Qing-Lan Ran, Hai-Liang Che, Yu-San Fang, Die Peng, Jun-Wei Chen, Lin Wang, Si-Fan Xiao, Yuan-Yuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 0\par }
{\f1\fs22 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 Baishideng publishing group inc\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pleasanton\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000788274700008\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Jiao, Xue-Yang; Xu, Chuan-Zhi; Chen, Ying; Peng, Qing-Lan; Ran, Hai-Liang; Che, Yu-San; Fang, Die; Peng, Jun-Wei; Chen, Lin; Wang, Si-Fan; Xiao, Yuan-Yuan] Kunming Med Univ, Sch Publ Hlth, 1168 Chunrong West Rd, Kunming 650500, Yunnan, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, YY (corresponding author), Kunming Med Univ, Sch Publ Hlth, 1168 Chunrong West Rd, Kunming 650500, Yunnan, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 33225647@qq.com\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Johnson, J.\line %A Gooding, P. A.\line %A Wood, A. M.\line %A Tarrier, N.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2010\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience as positive coping appraisals: Testing the schematic appraisals model of suicide (SAMS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Behav Res Ther\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 48\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 179-86\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20091022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience as positive coping appraisals: Testing the schematic appraisals model of suicide (SAMS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0005-7967\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.brat.2009.10.007\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 19906364\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K *Adaptation, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Models, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Regression Analysis\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Self Concept\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X AIMS: The Schematic Appraisals Model of Suicide (SAMS) suggests that positive self-appraisals may be important for buffering suicidal thoughts and behaviours, potentially providing a key source of resilience. The current study aimed to explore whether positive self-appraisals buffered individuals from suicidality in the face of stressful life events. METHOD: 78 participants who reported experiencing some degree of suicidality were recruited from a student population. They completed a battery of questionnaires including measures of suicidality, stressful life events and positive self-appraisals. RESULTS: Positive self-appraisals moderated the association between stressful life events and suicidality. For those reporting moderate or high levels of positive self-appraisals, raised incidence of stressful life events did not lead to increases in suicidality. DISCUSSION: These results support the SAMS framework, and suggest that positive self-appraisals may confer resilience to suicide. Positive self-appraisals may be a promising avenue for further resilience research, and an important area to target for suicide interventions.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1873-622x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Johnson, J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gooding, P A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wood, A M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tarrier, N\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2009/11/13\par }
{\f1\fs22 Behav Res Ther. 2010 Mar;48(3):179-86. doi: 10.1016/j.brat.2009.10.007. Epub 2009 Oct 22.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0609583397/Resilience-as-positive-coping-appraisals_oa.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ University of Manchester, UK. judith.johnson@postgrad.manchester.ac.uk\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Johnson, J.\line %A Gooding, P. A.\line %A Wood, A. M.\line %A Taylor, P. J.\line %A Pratt, D.\line %A Tarrier, N.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2010\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience to suicidal ideation in psychosis: Positive self-appraisals buffer the impact of hopelessness\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Behav Res Ther\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 48\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 9\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 883-9\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20100524\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Sep\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience to suicidal ideation in psychosis: Positive self-appraisals buffer the impact of hopelessness\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0005-7967\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.brat.2010.05.013\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 20538264\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adaptation, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychotherapy/*methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychotic Disorders/*psychology/therapy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Reinforcement, Psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Schizophrenia/*therapy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Schizophrenic Psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self Concept\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/prevention & control/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Recent years have seen growing interest into concepts of resilience, but minimal research has explored resilience to suicide and none has investigated resilience to suicide amongst clinical groups. The current study aimed to examine whether a proposed resilience factor, positive self-appraisals of the ability to cope with emotions, difficult situations and the ability to gain social support, could buffer against the negative impact of hopelessness amongst individuals with psychosis-spectrum disorders when measured cross-sectionally. Seventy-seven participants with schizophrenia-spectrum disorders completed self-report measures of suicidal ideation, hopelessness and positive self-appraisals. Positive self-appraisals were found to moderate the association between hopelessness and suicidal ideation. For those reporting high levels of positive self-appraisals, increased levels of hopelessness were significantly less likely to lead to suicidality. These results provide cross-sectional evidence suggest that positive self-appraisals may buffer individuals with psychosis against the pernicious impact of a well known clinical risk factor, hopelessness. Accounting for positive self-appraisals may improve identification of individuals at high risk of suicidality, and may be an important area to target for suicide interventions.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1873-622x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Johnson, J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gooding, P A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wood, A M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Taylor, P J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pratt, D\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tarrier, N\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2010/06/12\par }
{\f1\fs22 Behav Res Ther. 2010 Sep;48(9):883-9. doi: 10.1016/j.brat.2010.05.013. Epub 2010 May 24.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ University of Manchester, UK. judith.johnson@postgrad.manchester.ac.uk\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Kachadourian, L. K.\line %A Harpaz-Rotem, I.\line %A Tsai, J.\line %A Southwick, S.\line %A Pietrzak, R. H.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Mindfulness as a mediator between trauma exposure and mental health outcomes: Results from the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychol Trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 13\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 223-230\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20210121\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Mindfulness as a mediator between trauma exposure and mental health outcomes: Results from the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1942-9681 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1942-969x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1037/tra0000995\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 We have no known conflict to disclose.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC8500672\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS1738396\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 33475404\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aged, 80 and over\par }
{\f1\fs22 Alcoholism/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health Surveys\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Mindfulness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychological Trauma/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Quality of Life/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Veterans/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVE: Exposure to traumatic life events is associated with increased risk of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and other mental health problems such as suicidal ideation (SI), alcohol use disorder (AUD), and decreased quality of life (QOL). Mindfulness, which involves attending to the present moment, may help individuals cope with traumatic events by increasing acceptance of trauma-related experiences and decreasing trauma-related negative affect and avoidance of trauma reminders. The current study evaluated whether mindful attention to the present moment mediated the association between number of lifetime traumas and mental health. METHOD: The sample consisted of 1,268 trauma-exposed U.S. veterans who participated in the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study, a nationally representative study of U.S. veterans. On average, the sample was 60.6 years of age (SD = 15.2, range = 20-94), predominantly male (89.8%), Caucasian (75.0%), and noncombat veterans (59.2%). RESULTS: Path analyses revealed that mindfulness partially mediated the relation between number of lifetime traumas and PTSD symptoms (\u946? = -.55), AUD (\u946? = -.17), and QOL (\u946? = .38), and fully mediated the relation between number of lifetime traumas and SI (\u946? = -.36). CONCLUSIONS: The relationship between lifetime trauma burden and various mental health issues of relevance to U.S. veterans may be mediated by mindfulness, or the ability to pay attention to the present moment. Interventions that bolster mindfulness may help mitigate the negative impact of cumulative traumas in this population. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved).\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1942-969x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kachadourian, Lorig K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-7195-6873\par }
{\f1\fs22 Harpaz-Rotem, Ilan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tsai, Jack\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-0329-648x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Southwick, Steven\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pietrzak, Robert H\par }
{\f1\fs22 IK2 CX001259/CX/CSRD VA/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 US Department of Veterans Affairs; Clinical Sciences R&D Service/\par }
{\f1\fs22 US Department of Veterans Affairs; National Center for PTSD/\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/01/22\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychol Trauma. 2021 Feb;13(2):223-230. doi: 10.1037/tra0000995. Epub 2021 Jan 21.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8500672/pdf/nihms-1738396.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3671862744/Kachadourian-2021-Mindfulness as a mediator be.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Kachadourian, Lorig K.\line %A Nichter, Brandon\line %A Herzog, Sarah\line %A Norman, Sonya B.\line %A Sullivan, Tami\line %A Pietrzak, Robert H.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Non\u8208?suicidal self\u8208?injury in us military veterans: Results from the national health and resilience in veterans study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Clinical Psychology & Psychotherapy\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Non\u8208?suicidal self\u8208?injury in us military veterans: Results from the national health and resilience in veterans study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1063-3995\par }
{\f1\fs22 1099-0879\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/cpp.2673\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2021-99658-001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K military\par }
{\f1\fs22 non\u8208?suicidal self\u8208?injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 veterans\par }
{\f1\fs22 No terms assigned\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background To evaluate the prevalence of lifetime non\u8208?suicidal self\u8208?injury (NSSI) among US military veterans and identify sociodemographic, military, psychiatric and clinical correlates associated with NSSI. Methods Data were analysed from the 2019\u8211?2020 National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study, a contemporary, nationally representative survey of 4069 US veterans. Outcomes measured included lifetime history of NSSI, trauma history, lifetime and current DSM\u8208?V mental disorders and lifetime and recent suicidal behaviours. Results The overall prevalence of lifetime NSSI was 4.2% (95% confidence interval [3.6%, 4.9%]). Multivariable analyses revealed that veterans who endorsed lifetime NSSI were more likely to be younger, female, non\u8208?Caucasian, unmarried or unpartnered, and to have a lower annual household income. Veterans who endorsed lifetime NSSI reported more adverse childhood experiences and lifetime traumas and were more likely to have experienced military sexual trauma. They also were more likely to screen positive for lifetime posttraumatic stress disorder, major depressive disorder (MDD) and substance use disorders and to have attempted suicide. Finally, lifetime NSSI was associated with current MDD, generalized anxiety disorder, and substance use disorders, as well as past\u8208?year suicidal ideation. Conclusion Results of this study provide the first\u8208?known data on the epidemiology of NSSI in US military veterans. They suggest that certain correlates can help identify veterans who may be at greater risk for engaging in NSSI, as well as the potential prognostic utility of lifetime NSSI in predicting current psychiatric problems and suicide risk in this population. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, US. Release Date: 20211028. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: No terms assigned. Classification: Health & Mental Health Treatment & Prevention (3300). Publication History: Accepted Date: Sep 27, 2021; First Submitted Date: Apr 28, 2021. Copyright Statement: John Wiley & Sons Ltd. This article has been contributed to by US Government employees and their work is in the public domain in the USA. 2021.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2021-99658-001&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0002-7195-6873\par }
{\f1\fs22 lorig.kachadourian@va.gov\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Kachadourian, L. K.\line %A Nichter, B.\line %A Herzog, S.\line %A Norman, S. B.\line %A Sullivan, T.\line %A Pietrzak, R. H.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Non-suicidal self-injury in US military veterans: Results from the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Clin Psychol Psychother\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 29\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 941-949\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20211024\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 May\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Non-suicidal self-injury in US military veterans: Results from the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1063-3995\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/cpp.2673\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 34599541\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K *Depressive Disorder, Major\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Self-Injurious Behavior/epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Substance-Related Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Veterans/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 military\par }
{\f1\fs22 non-suicidal self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 veterans\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: To evaluate the prevalence of lifetime non-suicidal self-injury (NSSI) among US military veterans and identify sociodemographic, military, psychiatric and clinical correlates associated with NSSI. METHODS: Data were analysed from the 2019-2020 National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study, a contemporary, nationally representative survey of 4069 US veterans. Outcomes measured included lifetime history of NSSI, trauma history, lifetime and current DSM-V mental disorders and lifetime and recent suicidal behaviours. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of lifetime NSSI was 4.2% (95% confidence interval [3.6%, 4.9%]). Multivariable analyses revealed that veterans who endorsed lifetime NSSI were more likely to be younger, female, non-Caucasian, unmarried or unpartnered, and to have a lower annual household income. Veterans who endorsed lifetime NSSI reported more adverse childhood experiences and lifetime traumas and were more likely to have experienced military sexual trauma. They also were more likely to screen positive for lifetime posttraumatic stress disorder, major depressive disorder (MDD) and substance use disorders and to have attempted suicide. Finally, lifetime NSSI was associated with current MDD, generalized anxiety disorder, and substance use disorders, as well as past-year suicidal ideation. CONCLUSION: Results of this study provide the first-known data on the epidemiology of NSSI in US military veterans. They suggest that certain correlates can help identify veterans who may be at greater risk for engaging in NSSI, as well as the potential prognostic utility of lifetime NSSI in predicting current psychiatric problems and suicide risk in this population.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1099-0879\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kachadourian, Lorig K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-7195-6873\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nichter, Brandon\par }
{\f1\fs22 Herzog, Sarah\par }
{\f1\fs22 Norman, Sonya B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sullivan, Tami\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pietrzak, Robert H\par }
{\f1\fs22 IK2 CX001259/CX/CSRD VA/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 UllTR001863/TR/NCATS NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 IK2 CX-001259-01/US Department of Veterans Affairs/\par }
{\f1\fs22 NH/NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/10/03\par }
{\f1\fs22 Clin Psychol Psychother. 2022 May;29(3):941-949. doi: 10.1002/cpp.2673. Epub 2021 Oct 24.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ United States Department of Veterans Affairs National Center for PTSD, West Haven, Connecticut, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven, Connecticut, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Yale University School of Medicine, New Haven, Connecticut, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, California, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Irving Medical Center, Columbia University, New York, New York, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 VA Sand Diego Healthcare System, San Diego, California, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Medicine, University of California, San Diego, San Diego, California, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Kachadourian, L. K.\line %A Nichter, B.\line %A Herzog, S.\line %A Norman, S. B.\line %A Sullivan, T.\line %A Pietrzak, R. H.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Non-suicidal self-injury in US military veterans: Results from the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Clinical Psychology & Psychotherapy\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 29\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 941-949\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 May\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Non-suicidal self-injury in US military veterans: Results from the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O Clin. Psychol. Psychother.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1063-3995\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/cpp.2673\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000710221100001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K military\par }
{\f1\fs22 non-suicidal self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 veterans\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide attempts\par }
{\f1\fs22 seeking treatment\par }
{\f1\fs22 childhood abuse\par }
{\f1\fs22 sexual trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 behaviors\par }
{\f1\fs22 disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 sample\par }
{\f1\fs22 association\par }
{\f1\fs22 predictor\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background To evaluate the prevalence of lifetime non-suicidal self-injury (NSSI) among US military veterans and identify sociodemographic, military, psychiatric and clinical correlates associated with NSSI. Methods Data were analysed from the 2019-2020 National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study, a contemporary, nationally representative survey of 4069 US veterans. Outcomes measured included lifetime history of NSSI, trauma history, lifetime and current DSM-V mental disorders and lifetime and recent suicidal behaviours. Results The overall prevalence of lifetime NSSI was 4.2% (95% confidence interval [3.6%, 4.9%]). Multivariable analyses revealed that veterans who endorsed lifetime NSSI were more likely to be younger, female, non-Caucasian, unmarried or unpartnered, and to have a lower annual household income. Veterans who endorsed lifetime NSSI reported more adverse childhood experiences and lifetime traumas and were more likely to have experienced military sexual trauma. They also were more likely to screen positive for lifetime posttraumatic stress disorder, major depressive disorder (MDD) and substance use disorders and to have attempted suicide. Finally, lifetime NSSI was associated with current MDD, generalized anxiety disorder, and substance use disorders, as well as past-year suicidal ideation. Conclusion Results of this study provide the first-known data on the epidemiology of NSSI in US military veterans. They suggest that certain correlates can help identify veterans who may be at greater risk for engaging in NSSI, as well as the potential prognostic utility of lifetime NSSI in predicting current psychiatric problems and suicide risk in this population.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: 2C0ZC\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 42\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      Andover MS, 2014, PSYCHIAT RES, V219, P305, DOI 10.1016/j.psychres.2014.06.001\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bovin MJ, 2016, PSYCHOL ASSESSMENT, V28, P1379, DOI 10.1037/pas0000254\par }
{\f1\fs22      Briere J, 1998, AM J ORTHOPSYCHIAT, V68, P609, DOI 10.1037/h0080369\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bryan C, 2014, J CLIN PSYCHOL, V70, P874, DOI 10.1002/jclp.22075\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bryan CJ, 2015, COMPR PSYCHIAT, V59, P1, DOI 10.1016/j.comppsych.2014.07.009\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cunningham KC, 2021, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V287, P276, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2021.03.033\par }
{\f1\fs22      Doksat NG, 2017, SUBST USE MISUSE, V52, P604, DOI 10.1080/10826084.2016.1245745\par }
{\f1\fs22      Felitti VJ, 1998, AM J PREV MED, V14, P245, DOI 10.1016/S0749-3797(98)00017-8\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ford JD, 2015, J TRAUMA DISSOCIATIO, V16, P232, DOI 10.1080/15299732.2015.989563\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gratz KL, 2001, J PSYCHOPATHOL BEHAV, V23, P253, DOI 10.1023/A:1012779403943\par }
{\f1\fs22      Holliday R, 2018, PSYCHIAT RES, V268, P335, DOI 10.1016/j.psychres.2018.07.033\par }
{\f1\fs22      Joiner ThomasE., 2005, WHY PEOPLE DIE SUICI\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kimbrel N., 2018, INNOV AGING, V2, P972, DOI [10.1093/geroni/igy031.3600, DOI 10.1093/GERONI/IGY031.3600]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kimbrel NA, 2016, PSYCHIAT RES, V243, P232, DOI 10.1016/j.psychres.2016.06.039\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kimbrel NA, 2015, PSYCHIAT RES, V227, P360, DOI 10.1016/j.psychres.2015.03.026\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kimbrel NA, 2014, J TRAUMA STRESS, V27, P474, DOI 10.1002/jts.21932\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kimerling R, 2007, AM J PUBLIC HEALTH, V97, P2160, DOI 10.2105/AJPH.2006.092999\par }
{\f1\fs22      Klingensmith K, 2014, J CLIN PSYCHIAT, V75, pE1133, DOI 10.4088/JCP.14m09244\par }
{\f1\fs22      Klonsky ED, 2011, PSYCHOL MED, V41, P1981, DOI 10.1017/S0033291710002497\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kroenke K, 2001, J GEN INTERN MED, V16, P606, DOI 10.1046/j.1525-1497.2001.016009606.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Litz BT, 2018, J TRAUMA STRESS, V31, P286, DOI 10.1002/jts.22276\par }
{\f1\fs22      Liu RT, 2018, LANCET PSYCHIAT, V5, P51, DOI 10.1016/S2215-0366(17)30469-8\par }
{\f1\fs22      Livingston WS, 2020, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V274, P1184, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2020.05.024\par }
{\f1\fs22      Marx K, 2013, LIFE EVENTS CHECKLIS\par }
{\f1\fs22      May AM, 2018, COMPR PSYCHIAT, V86, P115, DOI 10.1016/j.comppsych.2018.08.003\par }
{\f1\fs22      Naifeh JA, 2020, DEPRESS ANXIETY, V37, P738, DOI 10.1002/da.23016\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nichter B, 2020, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V276, P1102, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2020.07.120\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2007, PSYCHOL ASSESSMENT, V19, P309, DOI 10.1037/1040-3590.19.3.309\par }
{\f1\fs22      Osman A, 2001, ASSESSMENT, V8, P443, DOI 10.1177/107319110100800409\par }
{\f1\fs22      SAUNDERS JB, 1993, ADDICTION, V88, P791, DOI 10.1111/j.1360-0443.1993.tb02093.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Serafini G, 2017, FRONT PSYCHIATRY, V8, DOI 10.3389/fpsyt.2017.00149\par }
{\f1\fs22      Sheehan D, 2015, MINI INT NEUROPSYCHI\par }
{\f1\fs22      Smith NB, 2014, TRAUMA VIOLENCE ABUS, V15, P41, DOI 10.1177/1524838013496332\par }
{\f1\fs22      Stanley B, 2001, AM J PSYCHIAT, V158, P427, DOI 10.1176/appi.ajp.158.3.427\par }
{\f1\fs22      Tiet QQ, 2015, JAMA INTERN MED, V175, P1371, DOI 10.1001/jamainternmed.2015.2438\par }
{\f1\fs22      Turner BJ, 2019, PSYCHOL MED, V49, P1470, DOI 10.1017/S0033291718002015\par }
{\f1\fs22      United States Census Bureau, 2010, CURRENT POPULATION S\par }
{\f1\fs22      United States Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Mental Health and Suicide Prevention., 2019, NAT VET SUIC PREV AN\par }
{\f1\fs22      US Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Mental Health and Suicide Prevention, 2020, NAT VET SUIC PREV AN\par }
{\f1\fs22      van de Mortel TF, 2008, AUST J ADV NURS, V25, P40\par }
{\f1\fs22      Weathers F.W., 2013, PTSD CHECKLIST DSM 5\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wisco BE, 2014, J CLIN PSYCHIAT, V75, P1338, DOI 10.4088/JCP.14m09328\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kachadourian, Lorig K. Nichter, Brandon Herzog, Sarah Norman, Sonya B. Sullivan, Tami Pietrzak, Robert H.\par }
{\f1\fs22 National Institutes of Health; National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences [UllTR001863]; US Department of Veterans Affairs [IK2 CX-001259-01]\par }
{\f1\fs22 National Institutes of Health; National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences, Grant/Award Number: UllTR001863; US Department of Veterans Affairs, Grant/Award Number: IK2 CX-001259-01\par }
{\f1\fs22 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 0\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wiley\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hoboken\par }
{\f1\fs22 1099-0879\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000710221100001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Kachadourian, Lorig K.; Norman, Sonya B.; Pietrzak, Robert H.] US Dept Vet Affairs, Natl Ctr PTSD, West Haven, CT USA. [Kachadourian, Lorig K.; Pietrzak, Robert H.] VA Connecticut Healthcare Syst, West Haven, CT 06516 USA. [Kachadourian, Lorig K.; Sullivan, Tami; Pietrzak, Robert H.] Yale Univ, Sch Med, Dept Psychiat, New Haven, CT USA. [Nichter, Brandon] Univ Calif San Diego, Dept Psychiat, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA. [Herzog, Sarah] Columbia Univ, Dept Psychiat, Irving Med Ctr, New York, NY USA. [Norman, Sonya B.] VA Sand Diego Healthcare Syst, San Diego, CA USA. [Norman, Sonya B.] Univ Calif San Diego, Sch Med, San Diego, CA 92103 USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kachadourian, LK (corresponding author), VA Connecticut Healthcare Syst, Natl Ctr PTSD, 950 Campbell Ave 116A-4, West Haven, CT 06516 USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 lorig.kachadourian@va.gov\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Kachadourian, L. K.\line %A Tsai, J.\line %A Harpaz-Rotem, I.\line %A Southwick, S. M.\line %A Pietrzak, R. H.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Protective correlates of suicidality among veterans with histories of posttraumatic stress disorder and major depressive disorder: Results from the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Affect Disord\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 246\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 731-737\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20181221\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Protective correlates of suicidality among veterans with histories of posttraumatic stress disorder and major depressive disorder: Results from the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-0327\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jad.2018.12.058\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 30616162\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depressive Disorder, Major/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Logistic Models\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Multivariate Analysis\par }
{\f1\fs22 Optimism\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prevalence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Protective Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Veterans/*psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Although several studies have identified risk factors for suicidal behaviors in general samples of Veterans, fewer studies have examined protective factors, particularly in high-risk samples. To address this gap, we examined protective correlates of suicidal ideation (SI) and suicide attempts (SA) in a sample of Veterans with histories of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and/or major depressive disorder (MDD). METHOD: Data were analyzed from a nationally representative sample of 3157 U.S. Veterans who completed the first wave of a web-based survey as part of the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study (NHRVS). Of this sample, 577 Veterans met criteria for history of PTSD, MDD or both. RESULTS: Multivariable logistic regression analyses were used to examine relationships between protective factors (curiosity, resilience, purpose in life, dispositional gratitude, optimism, and community integration) and suicidal behaviors (SI and SA). The prevalence of any SI during the previous two weeks was 29.4% and the prevalence of lifetime SA was 28.0%. After adjusting for relevant sociodemographic and military characteristics, greater purpose in life, curiosity, and optimism were negatively associated with SI. None of the protective correlates were associated with SA. LIMITATIONS: Given the cross-sectional nature of this study, conclusions about causality cannot be made. The assessment of suicidality also was limited to three self-report items. CONCLUSION: Results provide a characterization of protective factors for suicidality, and may help inform prevention and treatment approaches designed to mitigate suicide risk among high-risk military Veterans.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1573-2517\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kachadourian, Lorig K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tsai, Jack\par }
{\f1\fs22 Harpaz-Rotem, Ilan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Southwick, Steven M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pietrzak, Robert H\par }
{\f1\fs22 IK2 CX001259/CX/CSRD VA/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Netherlands\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/01/08\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Affect Disord. 2019 Mar 1;246:731-737. doi: 10.1016/j.jad.2018.12.058. Epub 2018 Dec 21.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ United States Department of Veterans Affairs National Center for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder, Clinical Neurosciences Division, West Haven, Connecticut, USA; Department of Psychiatry, Yale University School of Medicine, New Haven, Connecticut, USA. Electronic address: lorig.kachadourian@va.gov.\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States Department of Veterans Affairs New England Mental Illness Research, Education, and Clinical Center, West Haven, Connecticut, USA; Department of Psychiatry, Yale University School of Medicine, New Haven, Connecticut, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States Department of Veterans Affairs National Center for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder, Clinical Neurosciences Division, West Haven, Connecticut, USA; Department of Psychiatry, Yale University School of Medicine, New Haven, Connecticut, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Katz-Wise, S. L.\line %A Ehrensaft, D.\line %A Vetters, R.\line %A Forcier, M.\line %A Austin, S. B.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Family Functioning and Mental Health of Transgender and Gender-Nonconforming Youth in the Trans Teen and Family Narratives Project\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Sex Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 55\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4-5\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 582-590\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20180116\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 May-Jun\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Family Functioning and Mental Health of Transgender and Gender-Nonconforming Youth in the Trans Teen and Family Narratives Project\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0022-4499 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0022-4499\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/00224499.2017.1415291\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC7895334\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS1668940\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 29336604\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Anxiety/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nuclear Family/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Self Concept\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sexual and Gender Minorities/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Transgender and gender-nonconforming (TGN) youth are at increased risk for adverse mental health outcomes, but better family functioning may be protective. This study describes TGN youth's mental health and associations with family functioning in a community-based sample. Participants were from 33 families (96 family members) and included 33 TGN youth, ages 13 to 17\u160?years; 48 cisgender (non-transgender) caregivers; and 15 cisgender siblings. Participants completed a survey with measures of family functioning (family communication, family satisfaction) and mental health of TGN youth (suicidality, self-harm, depression, anxiety, self-esteem, resilience). TGN youth reported a high risk of mental health concerns: suicidality (15% to 30%), self-harm (49%), clinically significant depressive symptoms (61%); and moderate self-esteem (M\u160?=\u160?27.55, SD\u160?=\u160?7.15) and resiliency (M\u160?=\u160?3.67, SD\u160?=\u160?0.53). In adjusted models, better family functioning from the TGN youth's perspective was associated with better mental health outcomes among TGN youth (\u946? ranged from -0.40 to -0.65 for self-harm, depressive symptoms, and anxious symptoms, and 0.58 to 0.70 for self-esteem and resiliency). Findings from this study highlight the importance of considering TGN youth's perspectives on the family to inform interventions to improve family functioning in families with TGN youth.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1559-8519\par }
{\f1\fs22 Katz-Wise, Sabra L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-4825-6673\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ehrensaft, Diane\par }
{\f1\fs22 Vetters, Ralph\par }
{\f1\fs22 Forcier, Michelle\par }
{\f1\fs22 Austin, S Bryn\par }
{\f1\fs22 K99 HD082340/HD/NICHD NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 R00 HD082340/HD/NICHD NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2018/01/18\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Sex Res. 2018 May-Jun;55(4-5):582-590. doi: 10.1080/00224499.2017.1415291. Epub 2018 Jan 16.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7895334/pdf/nihms-1668940.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2370394538/Katz-Wise-2018-Family Functioning and Mental H.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ a Division of Adolescent/Young Adult Medicine , Boston Children's Hospital.\par }
{\f1\fs22 b Department of Pediatrics , Harvard Medical School.\par }
{\f1\fs22 c Department of Pediatrics , University of California, San Francisco.\par }
{\f1\fs22 d Fenway Health.\par }
{\f1\fs22 f Department of Pediatrics, Alpert School of Medicine , Brown University.\par }
{\f1\fs22 e Department of Social and Behavioral Sciences , Harvard T. H. Chan School of Public Health.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Kessler, R. C.\line %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Petukhova, M. V.\line %A Bliese, P.\line %A Bossarte, R. M.\line %A Bromet, E. J.\line %A Fullerton, C. S.\line %A Gilman, S. E.\line %A Ivany, C.\line %A Lewandowski-Romps, L.\line %A Millikan Bell, A.\line %A Naifeh, J. A.\line %A Nock, M. K.\line %A Reis, B. Y.\line %A Rosellini, A. J.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Zaslavsky, A. M.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Predicting suicides after outpatient mental health visits in the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Mol Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 22\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 544-551\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20160719\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Apr\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Predicting suicides after outpatient mental health visits in the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1359-4184 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1359-4184\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1038/mp.2016.110\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC5247428\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS792030\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 27431294\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bayes Theorem\par }
{\f1\fs22 Computer Simulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Forecasting/*methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Disorders/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel\par }
{\f1\fs22 Outpatients\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*prevention & control/*psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The 2013 US Veterans Administration/Department of Defense Clinical Practice Guidelines (VA/DoD CPG) require comprehensive suicide risk assessments for VA/DoD patients with mental disorders but provide minimal guidance on how to carry out these assessments. Given that clinician-based assessments are not known to be strong predictors of suicide, we investigated whether a precision medicine model using administrative data after outpatient mental health specialty visits could be developed to predict suicides among outpatients. We focused on male nondeployed Regular US Army soldiers because they account for the vast majority of such suicides. Four machine learning classifiers (naive Bayes, random forests, support vector regression and elastic net penalized regression) were explored. Of the Army suicides in 2004-2009, 41.5% occurred among 12.0% of soldiers seen as outpatient by mental health specialists, with risk especially high within 26 weeks of visits. An elastic net classifier with 10-14 predictors optimized sensitivity (45.6% of suicide deaths occurring after the 15% of visits with highest predicted risk). Good model stability was found for a model using 2004-2007 data to predict 2008-2009 suicides, although stability decreased in a model using 2008-2009 data to predict 2010-2012 suicides. The 5% of visits with highest risk included only 0.1% of soldiers (1047.1 suicides/100\u8201?000 person-years in the 5 weeks after the visit). This is a high enough concentration of risk to have implications for targeting preventive interventions. An even better model might be developed in the future by including the enriched information on clinician-evaluated suicide risk mandated by the VA/DoD CPG to be recorded.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1476-5578\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, R C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, M B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Petukhova, M V\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bliese, P\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bossarte, R M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bromet, E J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fullerton, C S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gilman, S E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ivany, C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lewandowski-Romps, L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Millikan Bell, A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Naifeh, J A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nock, M K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Reis, B Y\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rosellini, A J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, N A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zaslavsky, A M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, R J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Army STARRS Collaborators\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Intramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2016/07/20\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mol Psychiatry. 2017 Apr;22(4):544-551. doi: 10.1038/mp.2016.110. Epub 2016 Jul 19.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://escholarship.org/content/qt0wd2n7k8/qt0wd2n7k8.pdf?t=qam1zg\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1506874515/Kessler-2017-Predicting suicides after outpati.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Departments of Psychiatry and Family and Preventive Medicine, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 VA San Diego Healthcare System, San Diego, CA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Darla Moore School of Business, University of South Carolina, Columbia, SC, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Post Deployment Health Service, Department of Veterans Affairs, Washington DC, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Science, Stony Brook School of Medicine, Stony Brook, NY, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Department of Psychiatry, Uniformed Services University School of Medicine, Bethesda, MD, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health Behavior Branch, Division of Intramural Population Health Research, Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, Bethesda, MD, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Departments of Epidemiology and Social and Behavioral Sciences, Harvard TH Chan School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 US Army Medical Command, Behavioral Health Service Line, Bethesda, MD, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Institute for Social Research, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 US Army Public Health Command, Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Children's Hospital Boston and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Kessler, R. C.\line %A Warner, C. H.\line %A Ivany, C.\line %A Petukhova, M. V.\line %A Rose, S.\line %A Bromet, E. J.\line %A Brown, M., 3rd\line %A Cai, T.\line %A Colpe, L. J.\line %A Cox, K. L.\line %A Fullerton, C. S.\line %A Gilman, S. E.\line %A Gruber, M. J.\line %A Heeringa, S. G.\line %A Lewandowski-Romps, L.\line %A Li, J.\line %A Millikan-Bell, A. M.\line %A Naifeh, J. A.\line %A Nock, M. K.\line %A Rosellini, A. J.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Schoenbaum, M.\line %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Wessely, S.\line %A Zaslavsky, A. M.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Predicting suicides after psychiatric hospitalization in US Army soldiers: the Army Study To Assess Risk and rEsilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B JAMA Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 72\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 49-57\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jan\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Predicting suicides after psychiatric hospitalization in US Army soldiers: the Army Study To Assess Risk and rEsilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 2168-622X (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 2168-622x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2014.1754\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC4286426\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS624332\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 25390793\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aftercare/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Algorithms\par }
{\f1\fs22 Demography\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Mental Disorders/complications/epidemiology/psychology/therapy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel\par }
{\f1\fs22 Needs Assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Patient Discharge/standards\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychopathology/*methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 ROC Curve\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment/*methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sex Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Socioeconomic Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide/prevention & control/psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X IMPORTANCE: The US Army experienced a sharp increase in soldier suicides beginning in 2004. Administrative data reveal that among those at highest risk are soldiers in the 12 months after inpatient treatment of a psychiatric disorder. OBJECTIVE: To develop an actuarial risk algorithm predicting suicide in the 12 months after US Army soldier inpatient treatment of a psychiatric disorder to target expanded posthospitalization care. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: There were 53,769 hospitalizations of active duty soldiers from January 1, 2004, through December 31, 2009, with International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification psychiatric admission diagnoses. Administrative data available before hospital discharge abstracted from a wide range of data systems (sociodemographic, US Army career, criminal justice, and medical or pharmacy) were used to predict suicides in the subsequent 12 months using machine learning methods (regression trees and penalized regressions) designed to evaluate cross-validated linear, nonlinear, and interactive predictive associations. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Suicides of soldiers hospitalized with psychiatric disorders in the 12 months after hospital discharge. RESULTS: Sixty-eight soldiers died by suicide within 12 months of hospital discharge (12.0% of all US Army suicides), equivalent to 263.9 suicides per 100,000 person-years compared with 18.5 suicides per 100,000 person-years in the total US Army. The strongest predictors included sociodemographics (male sex [odds ratio (OR), 7.9; 95% CI, 1.9-32.6] and late age of enlistment [OR, 1.9; 95% CI, 1.0-3.5]), criminal offenses (verbal violence [OR, 2.2; 95% CI, 1.2-4.0] and weapons possession [OR, 5.6; 95% CI, 1.7-18.3]), prior suicidality [OR, 2.9; 95% CI, 1.7-4.9], aspects of prior psychiatric inpatient and outpatient treatment (eg, number of antidepressant prescriptions filled in the past 12 months [OR, 1.3; 95% CI, 1.1-1.7]), and disorders diagnosed during the focal hospitalizations (eg, nonaffective psychosis [OR, 2.9; 95% CI, 1.2-7.0]). A total of 52.9% of posthospitalization suicides occurred after the 5% of hospitalizations with highest predicted suicide risk (3824.1 suicides per 100,000 person-years). These highest-risk hospitalizations also accounted for significantly elevated proportions of several other adverse posthospitalization outcomes (unintentional injury deaths, suicide attempts, and subsequent hospitalizations). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: The high concentration of risk of suicide and other adverse outcomes might justify targeting expanded posthospitalization interventions to soldiers classified as having highest posthospitalization suicide risk, although final determination requires careful consideration of intervention costs, comparative effectiveness, and possible adverse effects.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 2168-6238\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Warner, Christopher H\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ivany, Christopher\par }
{\f1\fs22 Petukhova, Maria V\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rose, Sherri\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bromet, Evelyn J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Brown, Millard 3rd\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cai, Tianxi\par }
{\f1\fs22 Colpe, Lisa J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cox, Kenneth L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fullerton, Carol S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gilman, Stephen E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gruber, Michael J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Heeringa, Steven G\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lewandowski-Romps, Lisa\par }
{\f1\fs22 Li, Junlong\par }
{\f1\fs22 Millikan-Bell, Amy M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Naifeh, James A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nock, Matthew K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rosellini, Anthony J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Schoenbaum, Michael\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wessely, Simon\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zaslavsky, Alan M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Army STARRS Collaborators\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2014/11/13\par }
{\f1\fs22 JAMA Psychiatry. 2015 Jan;72(1):49-57. doi: 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2014.1754.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapsychiatry/articlepdf/1935484/yoi140086.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3504219718/Kessler-2015-Predicting suicides after psychia.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Behavioral Medicine, Blanchfield Army Community Hospital, Fort Campbell, Kentucky.\par }
{\f1\fs22 US Army Office of the Surgeon General, Falls Church, Virginia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Stony Brook University School of Medicine, Stony Brook, New York.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Biostatistics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, Massachusetts.\par }
{\f1\fs22 National Institute of Mental Health, Bethesda, Maryland.\par }
{\f1\fs22 US Army Public Health Command, Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Department of Psychiatry, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, Maryland.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Social and Behavioral Sciences, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, Massachusetts10Department of Epidemiology, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, Massachusetts.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Institute for Social Research, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla14Deapartment of Family and Preventive Medicine, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla15Veterans Affairs San Diego Healthcare System, San Diego, California.\par }
{\f1\fs22 King's Centre for Military Health Research, King's College London, London, United Kingdom.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Khan, A.\line %A Ungar, M.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience to Self-Harm A Scoping Review of Protective Factors That Aid in Recovery Among Marginalized Young People\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Crisis-the Journal of Crisis Intervention and Suicide Prevention\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 9\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Review; Early Access\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience to Self-Harm A Scoping Review of Protective Factors That Aid in Recovery Among Marginalized Young People\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O Crisis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0227-5910\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1027/0227-5910/a000831\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000725765300001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 protective factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 indigenous youth\par }
{\f1\fs22 ethnic\par }
{\f1\fs22 minorities\par }
{\f1\fs22 youth in low- and middle-income countries\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide attempts\par }
{\f1\fs22 indian adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 youth\par }
{\f1\fs22 risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 prevalence\par }
{\f1\fs22 behaviors\par }
{\f1\fs22 contexts\par }
{\f1\fs22 health\par }
{\f1\fs22 family\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background: Although a wide range of studies discuss prevalence and risk factors associated with self-harm, protective factors that are equally important are rarely explored. Moreover, much of our understanding of young individuals who engage in self-harm come from studies conducted in Western countries with very little emphasis on marginalized groups. Aim: This scoping review identifies research on resilience among marginalized youth and youth living in low- and middle-income countries (LMICs) who show evidence of self-harm. Method: A scoping review following Arksey and O'Malley's (2005) framework was conducted. This effort included drawing upon peer-reviewed research published between January 2000 and September 2020 to identify protective factors and coping strategies that are employed by individuals 10-29 years old with self-harming tendencies. Results: A total of 15 original papers met the inclusion criteria. The majority of the LMIC publications were from China. Social support, positive youth development, and religiosity were the most frequently reported protective factors. Conclusion: Despite widespread concern about self-harm, there are few peer-reviewed articles that look at resilience or recovery among youth in LMICs and among marginalized young people. In addition to various internal and external protective factors, this scoping review identifies gaps in our understanding of resilience to self-harm among youth belonging to these groups.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: XH9SM\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 0\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 54\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      Aggarwal S, 2017, INT J SOC PSYCHIATR, V63, P359, DOI 10.1177/0020764017700175\par }
{\f1\fs22      Aggarwal S, 2015, INT J SOC PSYCHIATR, V61, P516, DOI 10.1177/0020764015579739\par }
{\f1\fs22      Arksey H., 2005, INT J SOC RES METHOD, V8, P19, DOI [DOI 10.1080/1364557032000119616, 10.1080/1364557032000119616]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Australian Bureau of Statistics, 2012, AB TORR STRAIT ISL S\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bhugra D, 2013, CRISIS, V34, P221, DOI 10.1027/0227-5910/a000209\par }
{\f1\fs22      Black EB, 2018, AUST PSYCHOL, V53, P3, DOI 10.1111/ap.12274\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bloom DE, 2010, INT SOC SECUR REV, V63, P59, DOI 10.1111/j.1468-246X.2010.01370.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Borrill J, 2011, MENT HEALTH RELIG CU, V14, P259, DOI 10.1080/13674670903485629\par }
{\f1\fs22      Brausch AM, 2010, J YOUTH ADOLESCENCE, V39, P233, DOI 10.1007/s10964-009-9482-0\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cheng JKY, 2010, ASIAN AM J PSYCHOL, V1, P18, DOI 10.1037/a0018799\par }
{\f1\fs22      Chesin MS, 2013, CURR PSYCHOL, V32, P318, DOI 10.1007/s12144-013-9185-2\par }
{\f1\fs22      Chu JP, 2010, APPL PREV PSYCHOL, V14, P25, DOI 10.1016/j.appsy.2011.11.001\par }
{\f1\fs22      Clarke L, 1998, J CLIN NURS, V7, P129\par }
{\f1\fs22      Davis K, 2009, INT J NURS STUD, V46, P1386, DOI 10.1016/j.ijnurstu.2009.02.010\par }
{\f1\fs22      Everett B., 2000, LINK CHILDHOOD TRAUM\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ghosh S., 2019, DISSERT ABSTR, V81, DOI [10.1016/j.ijhm.2019.02.003, DOI 10.1016/J.IJHM.2019.02.003]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hawton K., 2000, INT HDB SUICIDE ATTE, DOI [10.1002/9780470698976, DOI 10.1002/9780470698976]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hawton K, 2012, LANCET, V379, P2373, DOI 10.1016/S0140-6736(12)60322-5\par }
{\f1\fs22      Jantzer V, 2015, BMC PUBLIC HEALTH, V15, DOI 10.1186/s12889-015-1940-x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Jiang YQ, 2017, SCHOOL PSYCHOL QUART, V32, P143, DOI 10.1037/spq0000187\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kessler R. C, 2008, WORLD MENTAL HLTH SU\par }
{\f1\fs22      Klemera E, 2017, INT J PUBLIC HEALTH, V62, P631, DOI 10.1007/s00038-016-0900-2\par }
{\f1\fs22      Klonsky ED, 2014, CAN J PSYCHIAT, V59, P565, DOI 10.1177/070674371405901101\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kolar K, 2012, J YOUTH STUD, V15, P744, DOI 10.1080/13676261.2012.677814\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kuentzel JG, 2012, AM J ORTHOPSYCHIAT, V82, P291, DOI 10.1111/j.1939-0025.2012.01167.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      LaFromboise TD, 2006, J COMMUNITY PSYCHOL, V34, P193, DOI 10.1002/jcop.20090\par }
{\f1\fs22      Law BMF, 2013, J PEDIATR ADOL GYNEC, V26, pS26, DOI 10.1016/j.jpag.2013.03.012\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ministry of Health, 2011, SUICIDE FACTS DEATHS\par }
{\f1\fs22      Muehlenkamp Jennifer J, 2012, Child Adolesc Psychiatry Ment Health, V6, P10, DOI 10.1186/1753-2000-6-10\par }
{\f1\fs22      Osuch EA, 1999, PSYCHIATRY, V62, P334, DOI 10.1080/00332747.1999.11024881\par }
{\f1\fs22      Penner Hutton K., 2011, THESIS\par }
{\f1\fs22      Peters MDJ, 2015, INT J EVID-BASED HEA, V13, P141, DOI 10.1097/XEB.0000000000000050\par }
{\f1\fs22      Pirkis J, 2020, CRISIS, V41, pS80, DOI 10.1027/0227-5910/a000670\par }
{\f1\fs22      Polanco-Roman L, 2014, PSYCHIAT RES, V220, P927, DOI 10.1016/j.psychres.2014.09.017\par }
{\f1\fs22      Quarshie ENB, 2020, BMC PSYCHIATRY, V20, DOI 10.1186/s12888-020-02587-z\par }
{\f1\fs22      Sawalha Ansam F, 2012, Int J Adolesc Med Health, V24, P373, DOI 10.1515/ijamh.2012.054\par }
{\f1\fs22      Serras A, 2010, PSYCHOL ADDICT BEHAV, V24, P119, DOI 10.1037/a0017210\par }
{\f1\fs22      Shaw SN, 2002, FEM PSYCHOL, V12, P191, DOI 10.1177/0959353502012002010\par }
{\f1\fs22      Shek DTL, 2012, SCI WORLD J, P1, DOI 10.1100/2012/932540\par }
{\f1\fs22      Skegg K, 2005, LANCET, V366, P1471, DOI 10.1016/S0140-6736(05)67600-3\par }
{\f1\fs22      Teevale T, 2016, CRISIS, V37, P335, DOI 10.1027/0227-5910/a000396\par }
{\f1\fs22      Thyssen LS, 2014, SALUD MENT, V37, P153, DOI 10.17711/SM.0185-3325.2014.019\par }
{\f1\fs22      Tian X, 2019, BMC PUBLIC HEALTH, V19, DOI 10.1186/s12889-019-8075-4\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ungar M, 2020, LANCET PSYCHIAT, V7, P441, DOI 10.1016/S2215-0366(19)30434-1\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ungar M, 2013, INT J CHILD YOUTH FA, V4, P328\par }
{\f1\fs22      van der Wal W, 2018, J PSYCHOL AFR, V28, P237, DOI 10.1080/14330237.2018.1475508\par }
{\f1\fs22      VANDERKOLK BA, 1991, AM J PSYCHIAT, V148, P1665\par }
{\f1\fs22      Vijayakumar L, 2019, LANCET PSYCHIAT, V6, P633, DOI 10.1016/S2215-0366(19)30207-X\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wakefield WD, 2007, THEOR PRACT, V46, P147, DOI 10.1080/00405840701233099\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wilhelm AK, 2021, ETHNIC HEALTH, V26, P530, DOI 10.1080/13557858.2018.1514451\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wingate LR, 2005, SUICIDE LIFE-THREAT, V35, P615, DOI 10.1521/suli.2005.35.6.615\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wu JT, 2019, IRAN J PUBLIC HEALTH, V48, P270\par }
{\f1\fs22      You JN, 2016, PERS INDIV DIFFER, V101, P227, DOI 10.1016/j.paid.2016.05.057\par }
{\f1\fs22      Young R, 2014, BMC PSYCHIATRY, V14, DOI 10.1186/1471-244X-14-137\par }
{\f1\fs22 Khan, Anam Ungar, Michael\par }
{\f1\fs22 0\par }
{\f1\fs22 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 6\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hogrefe publishing corp\par }
{\f1\fs22 Boston\par }
{\f1\fs22 2151-2396\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000725765300001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2922665041/ContentServer(4).pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Khan, Anam; Ungar, Michael] Dalhousie Univ, Sch Social Work, Fac Hlth, Halifax, NS, Canada. [Ungar, Michael] Dalhousie Univ, Resilience Res Ctr, Halifax, NS, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Khan, A (corresponding author), Dalhousie Univ, 6420 Coburg Rd, Halifax, NS B3H 4R2, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 anam.khan@dal.ca\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Kleiman, E. M.\line %A Beaver, J. K.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2013\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T A meaningful life is worth living: meaning in life as a suicide resiliency factor\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychiatry Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 210\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 934-9\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20130823\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Dec 30\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! A meaningful life is worth living: meaning in life as a suicide resiliency factor\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-1781\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.psychres.2013.08.002\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 23978733\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Interpersonal Relations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Psychological Theory\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Quality of Life\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Meaning in life\par }
{\f1\fs22 Protective factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resiliency\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide attempt\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Given the high rate of suicide worldwide, it is imperative to find factors that can confer resiliency to suicide. The goal of the present study was to examine the search for and the presence of meaning in life as possible resilience factors. We hypothesized that the presence of, but not the search for, meaning in life would predict decreased suicidal ideation over an eight-week time period and decreased lifetime odds of a suicide attempt. We also examined a subsidiary hypothesis that the presence of, but not the search for, meaning in life would mediate the relationship between the two variables associated with the interpersonal psychological theory of suicide (i.e., perceived burdensomeness and thwarted belongingness) and suicidal ideation. Our results were generally in support of our hypothesis: presence of meaning in life predicted decreased suicidal ideation over time and lower lifetime odds of a suicide attempt. Surprisingly, search for meaning in life also predicted decreased suicidal ideation over time. Finally, the search for, but not presence of, meaning in life mediated the relationship between the interpersonal psychological theory variables and suicidal ideation. These findings suggest that interventions that target meaning in life may be useful to attenuate suicide risk in individuals.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1872-7123\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kleiman, Evan M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Beaver, Jenna K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ireland\par }
{\f1\fs22 2013/08/28\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry Res. 2013 Dec 30;210(3):934-9. doi: 10.1016/j.psychres.2013.08.002. Epub 2013 Aug 23.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychology, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA 22030, USA. Electronic address: ekleiman@gmu.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Kleiman, Evan M.\line %A Beaver, Jenna K.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2013\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T A meaningful life is worth living: Meaning in life as a suicide resiliency factor\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychiatry Research\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 210\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 934-939\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! A meaningful life is worth living: Meaning in life as a suicide resiliency factor\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-1781\par }
{\f1\fs22 1872-7123\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.psychres.2013.08.002\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2013-30681-001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K meaningful life\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide resiliency\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 interpersonal psychological theories\par }
{\f1\fs22 risk factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Interpersonal Relations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychological Theory\par }
{\f1\fs22 Quality of Life\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted\par }
{\f1\fs22 Meaningfulness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychological Theories\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Given the high rate of suicide worldwide, it is imperative to find factors that can confer resiliency to suicide. The goal of the present study was to examine the search for and the presence of meaning in life as possible resilience factors. We hypothesized that the presence of, but not the search for, meaning in life would predict decreased suicidal ideation over an eight-week time period and decreased lifetime odds of a suicide attempt. We also examined a subsidiary hypothesis that the presence of, but not the search for, meaning in life would mediate the relationship between the two variables associated with the interpersonal psychological theory of suicide (i.e., perceived burdensomeness and thwarted belongingness) and suicidal ideation. Our results were generally in support of our hypothesis: presence of meaning in life predicted decreased suicidal ideation over time and lower lifetime odds of a suicide attempt. Surprisingly, search for meaning in life also predicted decreased suicidal ideation over time. Finally, the search for, but not presence of, meaning in life mediated the relationship between the interpersonal psychological theory variables and suicidal ideation. These findings suggest that interventions that target meaning in life may be useful to attenuate suicide risk in individuals. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Department of Psychology, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA, US. Release Date: 20130902. Correction Date: 20201112. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Meaningfulness; Resilience (Psychological); Suicidal Ideation; Suicide. Minor Descriptor: Psychological Theories; Risk Factors. Classification: Behavior Disorders & Antisocial Behavior (3230). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: US. Age Group: Adolescence (13-17 yrs) (200); Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300); Young Adulthood (18-29 yrs) (320); Thirties (30-39 yrs) (340); Middle Age (40-64 yrs) (360). Tests & Measures: Beck Suicide Scale; Suicidal Behaviors Questionnaire\u8212?Revised DOI: 10.1037/t14542-000; Interpersonal Needs Questionnaire DOI: 10.1037/t10483-000; Brief Symptom Inventory DOI: 10.1037/t00789-000; Gratitude Questionnaire-6 DOI: 10.1037/t01837-000; Meaning in Life Questionnaire DOI: 10.1037/t01074-000; Multidimensional Scale of Perceived Social Support\u8212?Military Peers Items Addition DOI: 10.1037/t03506-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Longitudinal Study; Prospective Study; Retrospective Study; Quantitative Study. References Available: Y. Page Count: 6. Issue Publication Date: Dec 30, 2013. Publication History: Accepted Date: Aug 5, 2013; Revised Date: Jul 8, 2013; First Submitted Date: May 8, 2013. Copyright Statement: All rights reserved. Elsevier Ireland Ltd. 2013.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2013-30681-001&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0001-8002-1167\par }
{\f1\fs22 ekleiman@gmu.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Kleiman, Evan M., Department of Psychology, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA, US, 22030\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Kleiman, E. M.\line %A Riskind, J. H.\line %A Schaefer, K. E.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Social support and positive events as suicide resiliency factors: examination of synergistic buffering effects\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Arch Suicide Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 18\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 144-55\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Social support and positive events as suicide resiliency factors: examination of synergistic buffering effects\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1381-1118\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/13811118.2013.826155\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 24620940\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Life Change Events\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Protective Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 life events\par }
{\f1\fs22 social support\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X This study examines the role of social support and positive events as protective factors in suicide. Participants (n\u160?=\u160?379) were administered measures of social support, life events, depressive symptoms, and suicide ideation. Results indicated that (1) social support had a direct protective effect on suicide ideation, (2) social support and positive events acted as individual buffers in the relationship between negative events and suicide ideation, and (3) social support and positive events synergistically buffered the relationship between negative events and suicide ideation. Our results provide evidence that positive events and social support act as protective factors against suicide individually and synergistically when they co-occur.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1543-6136\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kleiman, Evan M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Riskind, John H\par }
{\f1\fs22 Schaefer, Karen E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2014/03/14\par }
{\f1\fs22 Arch Suicide Res. 2014;18(2):144-55. doi: 10.1080/13811118.2013.826155.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ a George Mason University , Fairfax , Virginia , USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Kline, A.\line %A Ciccone, D. S.\line %A Falca-Dodson, M.\line %A Black, C. M.\line %A Losonczy, M.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2011\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Suicidal ideation among National Guard troops deployed to Iraq: the association with postdeployment readjustment problems\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Nerv Ment Dis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 199\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 12\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 914-20\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Dec\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Suicidal ideation among National Guard troops deployed to Iraq: the association with postdeployment readjustment problems\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0022-3018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1097/NMD.0b013e3182392917\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 22134448\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Combat Disorders/diagnosis/*epidemiology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Iraq War, 2003-2011\par }
{\f1\fs22 Longitudinal Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Veterans/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Despite well-documented postdeployment readjustment problems affecting veterans of Operations Enduring Freedom (OEF) and Iraqi Freedom (OIF), few studies have explored the possible relationship of readjustment stressors to the recent increase in military suicide. This study examined associations between suicidal ideation and postdeployment readjustment problems using cross-sectional population-based survey data from 1665 National Guard members who recently returned from Iraq. The findings suggested that readjustment problems are widespread, with 45% of veterans endorsing one or more financial or family problems 3 months postdeployment. After adjusting for mental health and combat exposure, veterans with the highest number of readjustment stressors were at 5\u189? times greater risk of suicidal ideation than those with no stressors. In a psychiatrically impaired subsample, the high stressor group experienced a fourfold risk of suicide ideation compared with those with no stressors. The findings argue for suicide prevention efforts that more directly target readjustment problems in returning OEF/OIF veterans.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1539-736x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kline, Anna\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ciccone, Donald S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Falca-Dodson, Maria\par }
{\f1\fs22 Black, Christopher M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Losonczy, Miklos\par }
{\f1\fs22 Comparative Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2011/12/03\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Nerv Ment Dis. 2011 Dec;199(12):914-20. doi: 10.1097/NMD.0b013e3182392917.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Veterans Affairs, VA New Jersey Health Care System, Lyons, NJ 07939, USA. Anna.kline@va.gov\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Kumar, S. A.\line %A Jaffe, A. E.\line %A Brock, R. L.\line %A DiLillo, D.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience to suicidal ideation among college sexual assault survivors: The protective role of optimism and gratitude in the context of posttraumatic stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychol Trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 14\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N S1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P S91-s100\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20210930\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Apr\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience to suicidal ideation among college sexual assault survivors: The protective role of optimism and gratitude in the context of posttraumatic stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1942-9681 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1942-969x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1037/tra0001141\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC8930426\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS1738581\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 34591537\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Sex Offenses/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Survivors\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVE: Posttraumatic stress symptoms related to sexual assault have been linked to greater suicidal ideation, yet little is known about protective factors that may weaken this link and reduce thoughts of suicide in the context of posttraumatic stress. Drawing on the broaden-and-build theory of positive emotions and prior research, psychological strengths associated with resilience, such as optimism and gratitude, have the potential to be associated with attenuated suicidal ideation among sexual assault survivors. METHOD: We tested this possibility in a sample of 425 undergraduate women who reported unwanted sexual experiences during adolescence or adulthood. RESULTS: A linear regression analysis revealed that greater sexual assault-related posttraumatic stress symptoms in the past month were associated with greater concurrent suicidal ideation. However, moderation analyses revealed the link between assault-related posttraumatic stress and suicidal ideation was attenuated for individuals higher in optimism and gratitude. Further, at the highest levels of optimism and gratitude, there was no longer a significant association between posttraumatic stress and suicidal ideation. CONCLUSIONS: Given optimism and gratitude are modifiable strengths that individuals can develop and grow over time, these results suggest boosting optimism and gratitude may be a valuable way to attenuate thoughts of suicide in interventions for college women who have experienced sexual assault. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved).\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1942-969x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kumar, Shaina A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-1928-646x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jaffe, Anna E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0001-8679-7564\par }
{\f1\fs22 Brock, Rebecca L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0001-7826-6421\par }
{\f1\fs22 DiLillo, David\par }
{\f1\fs22 F31 HD101271/HD/NICHD NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 National Institute of Child Health and Human Development/\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/10/01\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychol Trauma. 2022 Apr;14(S1):S91-S100. doi: 10.1037/tra0001141. Epub 2021 Sep 30.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychology.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Kunzler, A. M.\line %A Helmreich, I.\line %A K\u246?nig, J.\line %A Chmitorz, A.\line %A Wessa, M.\line %A Binder, H.\line %A Lieb, K.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Psychological interventions to foster resilience in healthcare students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 7\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Psychological interventions to foster resilience in healthcare students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1465-1858\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/14651858.CD013684\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M CD013684\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Allied Health Occupations [education]\par }
{\f1\fs22 Allied Health Personnel [psychology]\par }
{\f1\fs22 Anxiety [diagnosis]\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bias\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression [diagnosis]\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Quality of Life\par }
{\f1\fs22 Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress, Psychological [diagnosis]\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students, Health Occupations [*psychology]\par }
{\f1\fs22 Waiting Lists\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X - Background Resilience can be defined as maintaining or regaining mental health during or after significant adversities such as a potentially traumatising event, challenging life circumstances, a critical life transition or physical illness. Healthcare students, such as medical, nursing, psychology and social work students, are exposed to various study\u8208? and work\u8208?related stressors, the latter particularly during later phases of health professional education. They are at increased risk of developing symptoms of burnout or mental disorders. This population may benefit from resilience\u8208?promoting training programmes. Objectives To assess the effects of interventions to foster resilience in healthcare students, that is, students in training for health professions delivering direct medical care (e.g. medical, nursing, midwifery or paramedic students), and those in training for allied health professions, as distinct from medical care (e.g. psychology, physical therapy or social work students). Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, 11 other databases and three trial registries from 1990 to June 2019. We checked reference lists and contacted researchers in the field. We updated this search in four key databases in June 2020, but we have not yet incorporated these results. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing any form of psychological intervention to foster resilience, hardiness or post\u8208?traumatic growth versus no intervention, waiting list, usual care, and active or attention control, in adults (18 years and older), who are healthcare students. Primary outcomes were resilience, anxiety, depression, stress or stress perception, and well\u8208?being or quality of life. Secondary outcomes were resilience factors. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected studies, extracted data, assessed risks of bias, and rated the certainty of the evidence using the GRADE approach (at post\u8208?test only). Main results We included 30 RCTs, of which 24 were set in high\u8208?income countries and six in (upper\u8208? to lower\u8208?) middle\u8208?income countries. Twenty\u8208?two studies focused solely on healthcare students (1315 participants; number randomised not specified for two studies), including both students in health professions delivering direct medical care and those in allied health professions, such as psychology and physical therapy. Half of the studies were conducted in a university or school setting, including nursing/midwifery students or medical students. Eight studies investigated mixed samples (1365 participants), with healthcare students and participants outside of a health professional study field. Participants mainly included women (63.3% to 67.3% in mixed samples) from young adulthood (mean age range, if reported: 19.5 to 26.83 years; 19.35 to 38.14 years in mixed samples). Seventeen of the studies investigated group interventions of high training intensity (11 studies; > 12 hours/sessions), that were delivered face\u8208?to\u8208?face (17 studies). Of the included studies, eight compared a resilience training based on mindfulness versus unspecific comparators (e.g. wait\u8208?list). The studies were funded by different sources (e.g. universities, foundations), or a combination of various sources (four studies). Seven studies did not specify a potential funder, and three studies received no funding support. Risk of bias was high or unclear, with main flaws in performance, detection, attrition and reporting bias domains. At post\u8208?intervention, very\u8208?low certainty evidence indicated that, compared to controls, healthcare students receiving resilience training may report higher levels of resilience (standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.43, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.07 to 0.78; 9 studies, 561 participants), lower levels of anxiety (SMD \u8722?0.45, 95% CI \u8722?0.84 to \u8722?0.06; 7 studies, 362 participants), and lower levels of stress or stress perception (SMD \u8722?0.28, 95% CI \u8722?0.48 to \u8722?0.09; 7 studies, 420 participants). Effect sizes varied between small and moderate. Th re was little or no evidence of any effect of resilience training on depression (SMD \u8722?0.20, 95% CI \u8722?0.52 to 0.11; 6 studies, 332 participants; very\u8208?low certainty evidence) or well\u8208?being or quality of life (SMD 0.15, 95% CI \u8722?0.14 to 0.43; 4 studies, 251 participants; very\u8208?low certainty evidence). Adverse effects were measured in four studies, but data were only reported for three of them. None of the three studies reported any adverse events occurring during the study (very\u8208?low certainty of evidence). Authors' conclusions For healthcare students, there is very\u8208?low certainty evidence for the effect of resilience training on resilience, anxiety, and stress or stress perception at post\u8208?intervention. The heterogeneous interventions, the paucity of short\u8208?, medium\u8208? or long\u8208?term data, and the geographical distribution restricted to high\u8208?income countries limit the generalisability of results. Conclusions should therefore be drawn cautiously. Since the findings suggest positive effects of resilience training for healthcare students with very\u8208?low certainty evidence, high\u8208?quality replications and improved study designs (e.g. a consensus on the definition of resilience, the assessment of individual stressor exposure, more attention controls, and longer follow\u8208?up periods) are clearly needed. Plain language summary Psychological interventions to foster resilience in healthcare students Background \u8232?Healthcare students (e.g. medical, nursing, midwifery, paramedic, psychology, physical therapy, or social work students) have a high academic work load, are required to pass examinations and are exposed to human suffering. This can adversely affect their physical and mental health. Interventions to protect them against such stresses are known as resilience interventions. Previous systematic reviews suggest that resilience interventions can help students cope with stress and protect them against adverse consequences on their physical and mental health. Review question \u8232?Do psychological interventions designed to foster resilience improve resilience, mental health, and other factors associated with resilience in healthcare students? Search dates \u8232?The evidence is current to June 2019. The results of an updated search of four key databases in June 2020 have not yet been included in the review. Study characteristics \u8232?We found 30 randomised controlled trials (studies in which participants are assigned to either an intervention or a control group by a procedure similar to tossing a coin). The studies evaluated a range of resilience interventions in participants aged on average between 19 and 38 years. Healthcare students were the focus of 22 studies, with a total of 1315 participants (not specified for two studies). Eight studies included mixed samples (1365 participants) of healthcare students and non\u8208?healthcare students. Eight of the included studies compared a mindfulness\u8208?based resilience intervention (i.e. an intervention fostering attention on the present moment, without judgements) versus unspecific comparators (e.g. wait\u8208?list control receiving the training after a waiting period). Most interventions were performed in groups (17/30), with high training intensity of more than 12 hours or sessions (11/30), and were delivered face\u8208?to\u8208?face (i.e. with direct contact and face\u8208?to\u8208?face meetings between the intervention provider and the participants; 17/30). The included studies were funded by different sources (e.g. universities, foundations), or a combination of various sources (four studies). Seven studies did not specify a potential funder, and three studies received no funding support. Certainty of the evidence \u8232?A number of things reduce the certainty about whether resilience interventions are effective. These include limitations in the methods of the studies, different results across studies, the small number of participants in most studies, and the fact that the findings are limited to certain participants, interventions and comparators. Key results \u8232?Resilience training for healthcare stud nts may improve resilience, and may reduce symptoms of anxiety and stress immediately after the end of treatment. Resilience interventions do not appear to reduce depressive symptoms or to improve well\u8208?being. However, the evidence from this review is limited and very uncertain. This means that we currently have very little confidence that resilience interventions make a difference to these outcomes and that further research is very likely to change the findings. Very few studies reported on the short\u8208? and medium\u8208?term impact of resilience interventions. Long\u8208?term follow\u8208?up assessments were not available for any outcome. Studies used a variety of different outcome measures and intervention designs, making it difficult to draw general conclusions from the findings. Potential adverse events were only examined in four studies, with three of them showing no undesired effects and one reporting no results. More research is needed, of high methodological quality and with improved study designs.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z [Developmental, Psychosocial and Learning Problems]\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/14651858.CD013684\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Laglaoui Bakhiyi, C.\line %A Jaussent, I.\line %A Beziat, S.\line %A Cohen, R.\line %A Genty, C.\line %A Kahn, J. P.\line %A Leboyer, M.\line %A Le Vaou, P.\line %A Guillaume, S.\line %A Courtet, P.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Positive and negative life events and reasons for living modulate suicidal ideation in a sample of patients with history of suicide attempts\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Psychiatr Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 88\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 64-71\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20170101\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 May\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Positive and negative life events and reasons for living modulate suicidal ideation in a sample of patients with history of suicide attempts\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0022-3956\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jpsychires.2016.12.022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 28088052\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Life Change Events\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatric Status Rating Scales\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychometrics\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Thinking\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Life events\par }
{\f1\fs22 Reasons for living\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: The influence of life events on suicidal behavior remains inconclusive, while reasons for living (RFL) may be protective. OBJECTIVES: To analyze the association between positive and negative life events and suicidal ideation (SI) and the interaction between life events and RFL on SI. METHOD: Patients with history of suicide attempts (n\u160?=\u160?338) underwent a comprehensive clinical evaluation, including SI (Beck's Suicidal Ideation scale), RFL (Reasons for Living Inventory, RFLI) and life events (family, school, student or professional, social, health and religion-related and other life events) during the last twelve months. RESULTS: The only negative life events associated with SI were health-related events (OR\u160?=\u160?2.01 95%CI[1.04;3.92]). Family-related positive life events and RFL were negatively associated with SI (OR\u160?=\u160?0.73 95%CI[0.58;0.91] and OR\u160?=\u160?0.98 95%CI[0.97;0.98], respectively). No significant interaction between the number of positive life events and RFLI total score with current SI (p\u160?=\u160?0.57) was detected. Family-related positive life events and RFL did not have any additive effect on SI. Positive life events did not moderate the association between health-related negative life events and SI. LIMITATIONS: This was a retrospective study, the presence of axis II disorders was not investigated and results cannot be generalized due to the sample choice (only suicide attempters). CONCLUSIONS: Patients with history of suicide attempts could be less sensitive to negative life events, except for those related to health. Clinicians should pay more attention to somatic problems in patients at risk of suicide. Family support, positive psychology and therapies that strengthen RFL should be developed to prevent suicide.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1879-1379\par }
{\f1\fs22 Laglaoui Bakhiyi, Cam\u233?lia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jaussent, Isabelle\par }
{\f1\fs22 Beziat, S\u233?verine\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cohen, Renaud\par }
{\f1\fs22 Genty, Catherine\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kahn, Jean-Pierre\par }
{\f1\fs22 Leboyer, Marion\par }
{\f1\fs22 Le Vaou, Pascal\par }
{\f1\fs22 Guillaume, S\u233?bastien\par }
{\f1\fs22 Courtet, Philippe\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Multicenter Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2017/01/15\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Psychiatr Res. 2017 May;88:64-71. doi: 10.1016/j.jpsychires.2016.12.022. Epub 2017 Jan 1.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.hal.inserm.fr/inserm-01442505/document\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2188808267/Laglaoui Bakhiy-2017-Positive and negative lif.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Emergency Psychiatry & Acute Care, CHU Montpellier, Montpellier, France; Psychiatric Unit, CHU Casablanca, Hassan II University, Casablanca, Morocco; Inserm U1061, La Colombi\u232?re Hospital, University of Montpellier, France. Electronic address: camelia.laglaoui@gmail.com.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Inserm U1061, La Colombi\u232?re Hospital, University of Montpellier, France. Electronic address: isabelle.jaussent@inserm.fr.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Inserm U1061, La Colombi\u232?re Hospital, University of Montpellier, France. Electronic address: severine.beziat@inserm.fr.\par }
{\f1\fs22 FondaMental Foundation, France; University of Lorraine, Psychotherapeutic Centre of Nancy-Laxou, France. Electronic address: r.cohen@chu-nancy.fr.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Emergency Psychiatry & Acute Care, CHU Montpellier, Montpellier, France; Inserm U1061, La Colombi\u232?re Hospital, University of Montpellier, France; FondaMental Foundation, France. Electronic address: catherine.genty@inserm.fr.\par }
{\f1\fs22 FondaMental Foundation, France; University of Lorraine, Psychotherapeutic Centre of Nancy-Laxou, France. Electronic address: jp.kahn@chu-nancy.fr.\par }
{\f1\fs22 FondaMental Foundation, France; Department of Psychiatry and Addictology, Cr\u233?teil, France. Electronic address: marion.leboyer@creteil.inserm.fr.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emergency and Liaison Psychiatry Department, CHR Metz-Thionville, France. Electronic address: p.le-vaou@chr-metz-thionville.fr.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Emergency Psychiatry & Acute Care, CHU Montpellier, Montpellier, France; Inserm U1061, La Colombi\u232?re Hospital, University of Montpellier, France; FondaMental Foundation, France. Electronic address: s-guillaume@chu-montpellier.fr.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Emergency Psychiatry & Acute Care, CHU Montpellier, Montpellier, France; Inserm U1061, La Colombi\u232?re Hospital, University of Montpellier, France; FondaMental Foundation, France. Electronic address: philippe.courtet@univ-montp1.fr.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A LaPaglia, Donna\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Training healers from the heart\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B PsycCRITIQUES\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 59\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 17\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Training healers from the heart\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1554-0138\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1037/a0036278\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2014-11027-001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K physician stress resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 medical education\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-care\par }
{\f1\fs22 humanity\par }
{\f1\fs22 compassion\par }
{\f1\fs22 holistic training approach\par }
{\f1\fs22 Holistic Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humanism\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Care Skills\par }
{\f1\fs22 Occupational Stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 Physicians\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sympathy\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Reviews the book, First Do No Self-Harm: Understanding and Promoting Physician Stress Resilience edited by Charles R. Figley, Peter Huggard, and Charlotte E. Rees (see record [rid]2013-31132-000[/rid]). For psychologists, self-harm is a behavioral indicator of various mental diagnoses, most often associated with personality disorders. The editors of this text use the title to make reference to the common phrase uttered on the first day of medical school, 'do no harm,' a guiding principle of medical education and a basic tenet of patient care. More broadly, the editors ask the field of medicine\u8212?directors of residency training programs, doctors in leadership, and residents in training\u8212?to incorporate self-care into medical education. In addition to inclusion of self-care into formal instructional practices, the editors put forth a lifelong-learning goal of feeling compassion toward self, increasing self-awareness, and practicing self-care over the course of one\u8217?s career. In their collective experience, deficits exist in medical education and practice that necessitate a culture shift from stoicism to a more intimate and holistic training approach. In the spirit of giving, the editors present readers with the human side of the enterprise\u8212?training beyond the textbook. The message goes beyond a call to action to revamp medical education. It reminds us of the humanity of the 'helping professions' and asks us to hold in hand simultaneously the constructs of personal and professional identity formation. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Humanism; Medical Education; Resilience (Psychological); Self-Care Skills. Minor Descriptor: Occupational Stress; Physicians; Sympathy; Self-Care. Classification: Professional Education & Training (3410). Population: Human (10). Reviewed Item: Figley, Charles R. (Ed); Huggard, Peter (Ed); Rees, Charlotte E. (Ed). First Do No Self-Harm: Understanding and Promoting Physician Stress Resilience=New York, NY: Oxford University Press. 370pp. $79.95; 2013. References Available: Y. Issue Publication Date: 2014.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Figley, Charles R. (Ed); Huggard, Peter (Ed); Rees, Charlotte E. (Ed). (2013); First Do No Self-Harm: Understanding and Promoting Physician Stress Resilience; New York, NY: Oxford University Press. 370pp. $79.95; 978-0-19-538326-3.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2014-11027-001&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Li, H.\line %A Tucker, J.\line %A Holroyd, E.\line %A Zhang, J.\line %A Jiang, B.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Suicidal Ideation, Resilience, and Healthcare Implications for Newly Diagnosed HIV-Positive Men Who Have Sex with Men in China: A Qualitative Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Arch Sex Behav\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 46\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1025-1034\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20161227\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 May\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Suicidal Ideation, Resilience, and Healthcare Implications for Newly Diagnosed HIV-Positive Men Who Have Sex with Men in China: A Qualitative Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0004-0002\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1007/s10508-016-0894-0\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 28028668\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 China/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *HIV Infections/epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Homosexuality, Male/psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Qualitative Research\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 China\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hiv\par }
{\f1\fs22 Men who have sex with men\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sexual orientation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Globally, suicidal ideation and behavior have been widely reported among people living with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Knowledge gaps exist regarding the longer life and resilience-related experiences of people living with HIV (PLWH). Specifically, there is a dearth of data about the interaction of perceived risk and resilient factors resulting in a wide spectrum of intentional suicidal ideation outcomes in a Chinese cultural context. This qualitative research drew from a larger ethnographic study of newly diagnosed HIV-positive men who have sex with men (MSM) in Mainland China. Interviews were conducted with 31 MSM within 6\u160?months of diagnosis of HIV infection. Initial suicidal ideation was commonly reported with participants subsequently feeling more resilient to these thoughts through gaining a greater understanding of their prognosis and treatment. Post-HIV diagnosis, some participants reported forming new relationships and receiving increased support from their partners, friends, peers, families, and community-based organizations. At follow-up, these participants generally reported suicidal ideation had declined. However, participants who continued to express suicidal ideation perceived extended pressure from their families' expectations for them to engage in heterosexual marriages and parenthood. Furthermore, these men reported ongoing hardships in their daily life, unemployment, lack of social support, and isolation. Among this Mainland Chinese cohort of HIV-positive MSM, suicidal ideation may be a transient phenomenon experienced initially following HIV diagnosis that resolves with increased and specific familial, social, and service-based support. It is crucial to identify the causes of stress and social suffering associated with HIV diagnosis in order to reduce suicidal ideation. In China, action is needed to develop routine mental health screening and to increase services that support PLWH. Important services mechanism to accomplish this are promoting resilience through intentional activities as well as continued public health campaigns to reduce stigma toward HIV-positive MSM.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1573-2800\par }
{\f1\fs22 Li, Haochu\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tucker, Joseph\par }
{\f1\fs22 Holroyd, Eleanor\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zhang, Jie\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jiang, Baofa\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2016/12/29\par }
{\f1\fs22 Arch Sex Behav. 2017 May;46(4):1025-1034. doi: 10.1007/s10508-016-0894-0. Epub 2016 Dec 27.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10508-016-0894-0\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ School of Public Health, Shandong University, No. 44 Wen Hua Xi Road, Jinan, 250012, China. haochuli@med.unc.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 UNC Project-China, Institute for Global Health and Infectious Diseases, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC, USA. haochuli@med.unc.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 UNC Project-China, Institute for Global Health and Infectious Diseases, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Clinical Sciences, Auckland University of Technology, Northcote, Auckland, New Zealand.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Global and Population Health, The University of Melbourne, Melbourne, Australia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Public Health, Shandong University, No. 44 Wen Hua Xi Road, Jinan, 250012, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Sociology, State University of New York College at Buffalo, Buffalo, NY, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Liu, D. W.\line %A Fairweather-Schmidt, A. K.\line %A Burns, R.\line %A Roberts, R. M.\line %A Anstey, K. J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2016\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Psychological Resilience Provides No Independent Protection From Suicidal Risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Crisis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 37\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 130-9\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20160119\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Psychological Resilience Provides No Independent Protection From Suicidal Risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0227-5910\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1027/0227-5910/a000364\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 27232428\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Australia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Longitudinal Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychological Tests\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 adults\par }
{\f1\fs22 longitudinal\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Little is known about the role of resilience in the likelihood of suicidal ideation (SI) over time. AIMS: We examined the association between resilience and SI in a young-adult cohort over 4 years. Our objectives were to determine whether resilience was associated with SI at follow-up or, conversely, whether SI was associated with lowered resilience at follow-up. METHOD: Participants were selected from the Personality and Total Health (PATH) Through Life Project from Canberra and Queanbeyan, Australia, aged 28-32 years at the first time point and 32-36 at the second. Multinomial, linear, and binary regression analyses explored the association between resilience and SI over two time points. Models were adjusted for suicidality risk factors. RESULTS: While unadjusted analyses identified associations between resilience and SI, these effects were fully explained by the inclusion of other suicidality risk factors. CONCLUSION: Despite strong cross-sectional associations, resilience and SI appear to be unrelated in a longitudinal context, once risk/resilience factors are controlled for. As independent indicators of psychological well-being, suicidality and resilience are essential if current status is to be captured. However, the addition of other factors (e.g., support, mastery) makes this association tenuous. Consequently, resilience per se may not be protective of SI.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 2151-2396\par }
{\f1\fs22 Liu, Danica W Y\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fairweather-Schmidt, A Kate\par }
{\f1\fs22 Burns, Richard\par }
{\f1\fs22 Roberts, Rachel M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Anstey, Kaarin J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Canada\par }
{\f1\fs22 2016/05/28\par }
{\f1\fs22 Crisis. 2016 Mar;37(2):130-9. doi: 10.1027/0227-5910/a000364. Epub 2016 Jan 19.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ 1 School of Psychology, The University of Adelaide, SA, Australia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 4 School of Management, University of South Australia, Adelaide, SA, Australia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2 School of Psychology, Flinders University, Adelaide, SA, Australia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 3 Centre for Research on Ageing, Health and Wellbeing, The Australian National University, Canberra, ACT, Australia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Liu, D. W.\line %A Fairweather-Schmidt, A. K.\line %A Roberts, R. M.\line %A Burns, R.\line %A Anstey, K. J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Does resilience predict suicidality? A lifespan analysis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Arch Suicide Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 18\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 453-64\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Does resilience predict suicidality? A lifespan analysis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1381-1118\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/13811118.2013.833881\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 24941439\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K *Adaptation, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Age Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Australia/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Life Change Events\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prevalence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Random Allocation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Design\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self Report\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide/prevention & control/psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 age differences\par }
{\f1\fs22 life span\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicidality\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X In this article, we examine the association between resilience and suicidality across the lifespan. Participants (n = 7485) from the Personality and Total Health (PATH) Through Life Project, a population sample from Canberra and Queanbeyan, Australia, were stratified into three age cohorts (20-24, 40-44, 60-64 years of age). Binary Logistic regression explored the association between resilience and suicidality. Across age cohorts, low resilience was associated with an increased risk for suicidality. However, this effect was subsequently made redundant in models that fully adjusted for other risk factors for suicidality among young and old adults. Resilience is associated with suicidality across the lifespan, but only those in midlife continued to report increased likelihood of suicidality in fully-adjusted models.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1543-6136\par }
{\f1\fs22 Liu, Danica W Y\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fairweather-Schmidt, A Kate\par }
{\f1\fs22 Roberts, Rachel M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Burns, Richard\par }
{\f1\fs22 Anstey, Kaarin J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Comparative Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2014/06/19\par }
{\f1\fs22 Arch Suicide Res. 2014;18(4):453-64. doi: 10.1080/13811118.2013.833881.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0108838052/hdl_83942.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ a School of Psychology , The University of Adelaide , Adelaide , South Australia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Liu, R. T.\line %A Lawrence, H. R.\line %A Burke, T. A.\line %A Sanzari, C. M.\line %A Levin, R. Y.\line %A Maitlin, C.\line %A Paszek, C.\line %A Zhu, X.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Passive and active suicidal ideation among left-behind children in rural China: An evaluation of intrapersonal and interpersonal vulnerability and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Suicide Life Threat Behav\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 51\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 6\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1213-1223\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20210913\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Dec\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Passive and active suicidal ideation among left-behind children in rural China: An evaluation of intrapersonal and interpersonal vulnerability and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0363-0234 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0363-0234\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1111/sltb.12802\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC8678197\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS1738060\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 34514644\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Bullying\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Crime Victims\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Peer Group\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 adolescence\par }
{\f1\fs22 depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 grit\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicidal thoughts\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVE: Although theoretical conceptualizations of suicide hold that passive and active suicidal ideation are etiologically distinct, existing research observing this distinction is modest, with most prior studies focusing exclusively on active ideation. Understanding processes associated with passive ideation is clinically important insofar as passive ideation may precede active ideation, and thus serve as an earlier intervention target prior to potential onset of suicidal behavior. We aimed to evaluate intrapersonal and interpersonal vulnerability and resilience factors for passive ideation and differentiating passive from active ideation. METHOD: Left-behind adolescents in rural China (n\u160?=\u160?371) were assessed for passive and active ideation, depressive symptoms, rumination, grit, peer support, and peer victimization. RESULTS: Overall, 15.9% of the sample endorsed passive ideation without active ideation, and 17.8% endorsed active ideation. In multivariate analyses, rumination and grit differentiated left-behind children with passive ideation from those with no ideation. Depressive symptom severity predicted active ideation among adolescents with passive ideation. CONCLUSIONS: The current findings suggest that rumination and grit may characterize passive ideation. Although passive and active ideation may differ modestly in vulnerability and resilience factors, depressive symptoms may be important to monitor among those with passive ideation and have not yet experience active ideation.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1943-278x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Liu, Richard T\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-1367-9716\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lawrence, Hannah R\par }
{\f1\fs22 Burke, Taylor A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sanzari, Christina M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Levin, Rachel Y\par }
{\f1\fs22 Maitlin, Carly\par }
{\f1\fs22 Paszek, Claudia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zhu, Xiangru\par }
{\f1\fs22 R21 MH112055/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 R01 MH101138/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 R01 MH115905/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 RF1 MH120830/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/09/14\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide Life Threat Behav. 2021 Dec;51(6):1213-1223. doi: 10.1111/sltb.12802. Epub 2021 Sep 13.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychiatry, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, Massachusetts, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 McLean Hospital, Belmont, Massachusetts, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry and Human Behavior, Alpert Medical School of Brown University, Providence, Rhode Island, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, University at Albany, State University of New York, Albany, New York, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Columbia University, New York City, New York, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 New York State Psychiatric Institute, New York City, New York, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Henan University, Kaifeng, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Thesis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Madden, Shannon C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2008\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The relationship between psychological maltreatment and deliberate self-harm and the moderating role of resilience in an undergraduate residence hall population\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I ProQuest Information & Learning\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 69\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 2632-2632\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The relationship between psychological maltreatment and deliberate self-harm and the moderating role of resilience in an undergraduate residence hall population\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2008-99200-175\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K psychological maltreatment\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 undergraduate residence hall population\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child Abuse\par }
{\f1\fs22 College Students\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Well Being\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X A number of researchers have examined the effects of childhood maltreatment on later emotional well-being. Limited research, however, has been conducted about the role that childhood maltreatment plays in predicting engagement in deliberate self-harm. Moreover research in the area of emotional abuse and its relationship to deliberate self-harm in college students is clearly lacking. Additionally, limited research exists as to whether resilience plays a role in determining engagement in deliberate self-harm. This study examined the roles of childhood maltreatment and resilience factors in predicting engagement in deliberate self-harm behaviors in an undergraduate residence hall student population. Surveys were completed by 285 undergraduate students living in the residence halls at a mid-sized university in the Midwestern United States. For the purpose of this study, engagement in deliberate self-harm was defined by a report of 'yes' on any of the seventeen items using the Deliberate Self-Harm Inventory (DSHI). Regression analyses were performed using childhood maltreatment variables in the first step of the model including: neglect/negative home atmosphere, physical abuse, sexual abuse, and emotional abuse/psychological maltreatment. Resilience variables were entered in the second step of the model including: optimism, locus of control and self-efficacy. Findings revealed that the childhood maltreatment variables collectively improved prediction of engagement in deliberate self-harm while neglect was the only childhood maltreatment variable that uniquely contributed to predicting engagement in deliberate self-harm. Resilience was not found to contribute to the prediction of engagement in deliberate self-harm, above and beyond childhood maltreatment variables. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 2008-99200-175. Other Journal Title: Dissertation Abstracts International. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Madden, Shannon C.; U Northern Colorado, US. Release Date: 20081201. Publication Type: Dissertation Abstract (0400). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Dissertation. Dissertation Number: AAI3309189. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Child Abuse; College Students; Resilience (Psychological); Well Being. Classification: General Psychology (2100); Health & Mental Health Treatment & Prevention (3300). Population: Human (10). Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300). Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. Page Count: 1.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2008-99200-175&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0096021423/The_relationship_between_psych.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Mao, Cui\line %A Lin, Mingjing\line %A Shen, Shiyu\line %A Li, Yuanyuan\line %A Xie, Zihui\line %A Li, Ping\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Latent profiles of emotion regulation strategies associated with alexithymia, nonsuicidal self\u8208?injury and resilience among nursing students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Stress and Health: Journal of the International Society for the Investigation of Stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Latent profiles of emotion regulation strategies associated with alexithymia, nonsuicidal self\u8208?injury and resilience among nursing students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1532-3005\par }
{\f1\fs22 1532-2998\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/smi.3075\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2021-61534-001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K alexithymia\par }
{\f1\fs22 emotion regulation strategies\par }
{\f1\fs22 nonsuicidal self\u8208?injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 nursing students\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 No terms assigned\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The present study sought to better understand the complex nature of emotion regulation in nursing students by exploring patterns of emotion regulation strategies (ERSs), and to examine the relationships between these unique profiles with alexithymia, nonsuicidal self\u8208?injury (NSSI) and resilience. A total of 1960 nursing students (Mage = 19.56, SD = 1.13 years) were recruited. Using latent profile analysis, nursing students were classified into four profiles based on their ERS use: high reaction profile (HRP; 11.53%), medium reaction profile (MRP; 55.46%), adaptive reaction profile (ARP; 22.86%) and low reaction profile (LRP; 10.15%). This study found that relative to HRP and MRP, ARP and LRP showed a lower incidence of NSSI and alexithymia; HRP and ARP showed a higher level of resilience than MRP and LRP. Furthermore, LRP had the lowest level of resilience. This study highlights the importance of identifying the different ERS profiles among nursing students. Targeted programs are needed to enhance adaptive strategies and reduce maladaptive strategies to improve nursing students' psychological and behavioural performance. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Department of Health Psychology, School of Nursing and Rehabilitation, Cheeloo College of Medicine, Jinan, China. Release Date: 20210701. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: No terms assigned. Classification: Health & Mental Health Treatment & Prevention (3300). Publication History: Accepted Date: Jun 11, 2021; First Submitted Date: Oct 12, 2020. Copyright Statement: John Wiley & Sons Ltd. 2021.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2021-61534-001&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0001-7583-9650\par }
{\f1\fs22 pingli12@sdu.edu.cn\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Mao, C.\line %A Lin, M.\line %A Shen, S.\line %A Li, Y.\line %A Xie, Z.\line %A Li, P.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Latent profiles of emotion regulation strategies associated with alexithymia, nonsuicidal self-injury and resilience among nursing students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Stress Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 38\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 69-78\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20210625\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Latent profiles of emotion regulation strategies associated with alexithymia, nonsuicidal self-injury and resilience among nursing students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1532-3005\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/smi.3075\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 34152072\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Affective Symptoms/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Emotional Regulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotions\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Self-Injurious Behavior/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Students, Nursing\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 alexithymia\par }
{\f1\fs22 emotion regulation strategies\par }
{\f1\fs22 nonsuicidal self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 nursing students\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The present study sought to better understand the complex nature of emotion regulation in nursing students by exploring patterns of emotion regulation strategies (ERSs), and to examine the relationships between these unique profiles with alexithymia, nonsuicidal self-injury (NSSI) and resilience. A total of 1960 nursing students (M(age) \u160?=\u160?19.56, SD\u160?=\u160?1.13 years) were recruited. Using latent profile analysis, nursing students were classified into four profiles based on their ERS use: high reaction profile (HRP; 11.53%), medium reaction profile (MRP; 55.46%), adaptive reaction profile (ARP; 22.86%) and low reaction profile (LRP; 10.15%). This study found that relative to HRP and MRP, ARP and LRP showed a lower incidence of NSSI and alexithymia; HRP and ARP showed a higher level of resilience than MRP and LRP. Furthermore, LRP had the lowest level of resilience. This study highlights the importance of identifying the different ERS profiles among nursing students. Targeted programs are needed to enhance adaptive strategies and reduce maladaptive strategies to improve nursing students' psychological and behavioural performance.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1532-2998\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mao, Cui\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lin, Mingjing\par }
{\f1\fs22 Shen, Shiyu\par }
{\f1\fs22 Li, Yuanyuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xie, Zihui\par }
{\f1\fs22 Li, Ping\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0001-7583-9650\par }
{\f1\fs22 81773296/National Natural Science Foundation of China/\par }
{\f1\fs22 National Natural Science Foundation of China China/\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/06/22\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress Health. 2022 Feb;38(1):69-78. doi: 10.1002/smi.3075. Epub 2021 Jun 25.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Health Psychology, School of Nursing and Rehabilitation, Cheeloo College of Medicine, Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Shandong Mental Health Center, Jinan, Shandong, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jinan Vocational College of Nursing, Jinan, Shandong, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Mao, C.\line %A Lin, M. J.\line %A Shen, S. Y.\line %A Li, Y. Y.\line %A Xie, Z. H.\line %A Li, P.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Latent profiles of emotion regulation strategies associated with alexithymia, nonsuicidal self-injury and resilience among nursing students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Stress and Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 38\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 69-78\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Latent profiles of emotion regulation strategies associated with alexithymia, nonsuicidal self-injury and resilience among nursing students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O Stress Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1532-3005\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/smi.3075\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000667876300001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K alexithymia\par }
{\f1\fs22 emotion regulation strategies\par }
{\f1\fs22 nonsuicidal self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 nursing students\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 psychometric properties\par }
{\f1\fs22 depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 children\par }
{\f1\fs22 ability\par }
{\f1\fs22 stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 scale\par }
{\f1\fs22 sex\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The present study sought to better understand the complex nature of emotion regulation in nursing students by exploring patterns of emotion regulation strategies (ERSs), and to examine the relationships between these unique profiles with alexithymia, nonsuicidal self-injury (NSSI) and resilience. A total of 1960 nursing students (M-age = 19.56, SD = 1.13 years) were recruited. Using latent profile analysis, nursing students were classified into four profiles based on their ERS use: high reaction profile (HRP; 11.53%), medium reaction profile (MRP; 55.46%), adaptive reaction profile (ARP; 22.86%) and low reaction profile (LRP; 10.15%). This study found that relative to HRP and MRP, ARP and LRP showed a lower incidence of NSSI and alexithymia; HRP and ARP showed a higher level of resilience than MRP and LRP. Furthermore, LRP had the lowest level of resilience. This study highlights the importance of identifying the different ERS profiles among nursing students. Targeted programs are needed to enhance adaptive strategies and reduce maladaptive strategies to improve nursing students' psychological and behavioural performance.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: YQ0GR\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 0\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 52\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      Aldao A, 2013, COGNITION EMOTION, V27, P753, DOI 10.1080/02699931.2012.739998\par }
{\f1\fs22      Aldao A, 2012, BEHAV RES THER, V50, P493, DOI 10.1016/j.brat.2012.04.004\par }
{\f1\fs22      Aldao A, 2010, CLIN PSYCHOL REV, V30, P217, DOI 10.1016/j.cpr.2009.11.004\par }
{\f1\fs22      Barrett LF, 2001, COGNITION EMOTION, V15, P713, DOI 10.1080/02699930143000239\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bonanno GA, 2004, PSYCHOL SCI, V15, P482, DOI 10.1111/j.0956-7976.2004.00705.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bonanno GA, 2013, PERSPECT PSYCHOL SCI, V8, P591, DOI 10.1177/1745691613504116\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bresin K, 2015, CLIN PSYCHOL REV, V38, P55, DOI 10.1016/j.cpr.2015.02.009\par }
{\f1\fs22      Burke TA, 2018, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V225, P180, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2017.08.015\par }
{\f1\fs22      Carragher N, 2009, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V113, P88, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2008.05.015\par }
{\f1\fs22      Chen J, 2011, BMC PSYCHIATRY, V11, DOI 10.1186/1471-244X-11-33\par }
{\f1\fs22      Chen YN, 2018, PSYCHOL HEALTH MED, V23, P58, DOI 10.1080/13548506.2017.1325506\par }
{\f1\fs22      Chesney SA, 2019, ANXIETY STRESS COPIN, V32, P329, DOI 10.1080/10615806.2019.1573990\par }
{\f1\fs22      Dixon-Gordon KL, 2015, COGNITION EMOTION, V29, P1314, DOI 10.1080/02699931.2014.983046\par }
{\f1\fs22      Dyer JG, 1996, ARCH PSYCHIAT NURS, V10, P276, DOI 10.1016/S0883-9417(96)80036-7\par }
{\f1\fs22      Erol A, 2015, DRUG ALCOHOL DEPEN, V156, P1, DOI 10.1016/j.drugalcdep.2015.08.023\par }
{\f1\fs22      Garnefski N, 2004, PERS INDIV DIFFER, V36, P267, DOI 10.1016/S0191-8869(03)00083-7\par }
{\f1\fs22      Garnefski N, 2001, PERS INDIV DIFFER, V30, P1311, DOI 10.1016/S0191-8869(00)00113-6\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gross JJ, 2002, PSYCHOPHYSIOLOGY, V39, P281, DOI 10.1017/S0048577201393198\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gross JJ., 1998, REV GEN PSYCHOL, V2, P271, DOI [10.1037/1089-2680.2.3.271, DOI 10.1037/1089-2680.2.3.271]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gullone E, 2010, J CHILD PSYCHOL PSYC, V51, P567, DOI 10.1111/j.1469-7610.2009.02183.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Rios-Risquez MI, 2018, J ADV NURS, V74, P2777, DOI 10.1111/jan.13794\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kalisch R, 2015, BEHAV BRAIN SCI, V38, DOI 10.1017/S0140525X1400082X\par }
{\f1\fs22      Labrague LJ, 2018, INT NURS REV, V65, P279, DOI 10.1111/inr.12393\par }
{\f1\fs22      Labrague Leodoro J, 2017, J Ment Health, V26, P471, DOI 10.1080/09638237.2016.1244721\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lee JH, 2013, J COUNS DEV, V91, P269, DOI 10.1002/j.1556-6676.2013.00095.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Li C, 2018, J ADV NURS, V74, P2727, DOI 10.1111/jan.13808\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ling Y, 2016, J PSYCHIATR MENT HLT, V23, P179, DOI 10.1111/jpm.12298\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lougheed JP, 2012, SOC DEV, V21, P704, DOI 10.1111/j.1467-9507.2012.00663.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      McCloughen A, 2020, J CLIN NURS, V29, P2508, DOI 10.1111/jocn.15270\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mestre JM, 2017, FRONT PSYCHOL, V8, DOI 10.3389/fpsyg.2017.01980\par }
{\f1\fs22      Min JA, 2013, COMPR PSYCHIAT, V54, P1190, DOI 10.1016/j.comppsych.2013.05.008\par }
{\f1\fs22      Muthen B, 2000, ALCOHOL CLIN EXP RES, V24, P882, DOI 10.1111/j.1530-0277.2000.tb02070.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2010, ANNU REV CLIN PSYCHO, V6, P339, DOI 10.1146/annurev.clinpsy.121208.131258\par }
{\f1\fs22      Norman H, 2020, SCAND J PSYCHOL, V61, P855, DOI 10.1111/sjop.12668\par }
{\f1\fs22      Preece DA, 2020, J PERS, V88, P1162, DOI 10.1111/jopy.12563\par }
{\f1\fs22      Trives JJR, 2016, SPAN J PSYCHOL, V19, DOI 10.1017/sjp.2016.46\par }
{\f1\fs22      Richmond S, 2017, ARCH SUICIDE RES, V21, P62, DOI 10.1080/13811118.2015.1008160\par }
{\f1\fs22      Romosan RS, 2018, NEUROPSYCH DIS TREAT, V14, P1891, DOI 10.2147/NDT.S165797\par }
{\f1\fs22      Rutter M, 2012, DEV PSYCHOPATHOL, V24, P335, DOI 10.1017/S0954579412000028\par }
{\f1\fs22      Sancar B, 2019, PAK J MED SCI, V35, P489, DOI 10.12669/pjms.35.2.604\par }
{\f1\fs22      Schneider RL, 2018, J CLIN CHILD ADOLESC, V47, P978, DOI 10.1080/15374416.2016.1157757\par }
{\f1\fs22      Southwick SM, 2005, ANNU REV CLIN PSYCHO, V1, P255, DOI 10.1146/annurev.clinpsy.1.102803.143948\par }
{\f1\fs22      Stephens TM, 2013, NURS FORUM, V48, P125, DOI 10.1111/nuf.12015\par }
{\f1\fs22      Van Hoek G, 2019, NURS EDUC TODAY, V72, P90, DOI 10.1016/j.nedt.2018.10.013\par }
{\f1\fs22      van Zyl Adele Banks, 2018, Br J Nurs, V27, P1192, DOI 10.12968/bjon.2018.27.20.1192\par }
{\f1\fs22      Voon D, 2014, J ABNORM PSYCHOL, V123, P487, DOI 10.1037/a0037024\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wang L, 2010, PSYCHIAT CLIN NEUROS, V64, P499, DOI 10.1111/j.1440-1819.2010.02130.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wessing I, 2015, DEV COGN NEUROS-NETH, V13, P1, DOI 10.1016/j.dcn.2015.01.012\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wolff JC, 2019, EUR PSYCHIAT, V59, P25, DOI 10.1016/j.eurpsy.2019.03.004\par }
{\f1\fs22      Yu F., 2008, RELATIONSHIP ADOLESC\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zeng YL, 2019, PSYCHOL HEALTH MED, V24, P798, DOI 10.1080/13548506.2019.1574358\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zhu XZ, 2008, COGNITION EMOTION, V22, P288, DOI 10.1080/02699930701369035\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mao, Cui Lin, Mingjing Shen, Shiyu Li, Yuanyuan Xie, Zihui Li, Ping\par }
{\f1\fs22 Li, Ping/0000-0001-7583-9650\par }
{\f1\fs22 National Natural Science Foundation of China [81773296]; National Natural Science Foundation of China China\par }
{\f1\fs22 National Natural Science Foundation of China, Grant/Award Number: 81773296; National Natural Science Foundation of China China\par }
{\f1\fs22 0\par }
{\f1\fs22 12\par }
{\f1\fs22 30\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wiley\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hoboken\par }
{\f1\fs22 1532-2998\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000667876300001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3128530186/Stress and Health - 2021 - Mao - Latent profil.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Mao, Cui; Li, Yuanyuan; Xie, Zihui; Li, Ping] Shandong Univ, Sch Nursing & Rehabil, Dept Hlth Psychol, Cheeloo Coll Med, 44 Wenhua West Rd, Jinan 250012, Shandong, Peoples R China. [Lin, Mingjing] Shandong Mental Hlth Ctr, Jinan, Shandong, Peoples R China. [Shen, Shiyu] Jinan Vocat Coll Nursing, Jinan, Shandong, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Li, P (corresponding author), Shandong Univ, Sch Nursing & Rehabil, Dept Hlth Psychol, Cheeloo Coll Med, 44 Wenhua West Rd, Jinan 250012, Shandong, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 pingli12@sdu.edu.cn\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Marie, L.\line %A Taylor, S. E.\line %A Basu, N.\line %A Fadoir, N. A.\line %A Schuler, K.\line %A McKelvey, D.\line %A Smith, P. N.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The protective effects of grit on suicidal ideation in individuals with trauma and symptoms of posttraumatic stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Clin Psychol\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 75\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 9\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1701-1714\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20190529\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Sep\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The protective effects of grit on suicidal ideation in individuals with trauma and symptoms of posttraumatic stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0021-9762\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/jclp.22803\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 31141169\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Protective Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychological Trauma/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 personality\par }
{\f1\fs22 primary prevention\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 traumatic exposure\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVE: It is important to understand factors that moderate the likelihood of developing suicidal thoughts following traumatic exposure and posttraumatic stress symptoms. METHOD: In this cross-sectional study, a moderated atemporal mediation analysis was conducted in a sample of 709 college students (71% female, M (age) \u8201?=\u8201?19.90 years, 67% Caucasian) to test the associations between trauma, posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) symptoms, and suicidal ideation, with grit entered as a moderator of all paths in the equation. RESULTS: PTSD symptoms mediated the association between trauma and suicidal ideation. Grit moderated the direct pathway from PTSD symptoms to suicidal ideation. CONCLUSIONS: Grit and other constructs of resiliency may inform strength-focused interventions to remediate the impact of trauma and posttraumatic stress symptoms and potentially reduce suicidal thoughts and risk for suicide.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1097-4679\par }
{\f1\fs22 Marie, Laura\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0001-6537-2161\par }
{\f1\fs22 Taylor, Sarah E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Basu, Natasha\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fadoir, Nicholas A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Schuler, Kaitlyn\par }
{\f1\fs22 McKelvey, Daniel\par }
{\f1\fs22 Smith, Phillip N\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-9364-3907\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/05/30\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Clin Psychol. 2019 Sep;75(9):1701-1714. doi: 10.1002/jclp.22803. Epub 2019 May 29.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychology, University of South Alabama, Mobile, Alabama.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Thesis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Maring, Elisabeth Fost\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2006\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Fostering resilience among early adolescents exposed to community violence: Challenges, strategies, and support needs of middle school teachers in predominantly African American urban communities\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I ProQuest Information & Learning\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 67\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1106-1106\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Fostering resilience among early adolescents exposed to community violence: Challenges, strategies, and support needs of middle school teachers in predominantly African American urban communities\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2006-99017-075\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 early adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 community violence\par }
{\f1\fs22 middle school teachers\par }
{\f1\fs22 African Americans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent Development\par }
{\f1\fs22 Blacks\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Violence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Communities\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Community violence places youth at risk for adverse developmental consequences such as poor school achievement, aggression, and self-destructive behaviors. Although an increasing number of studies have investigated the strategies that parents use to protect their children from negative effects of violence exposure, there is a dearth of research that focuses on the challenges faced by teachers in violent communities. Recognizing the potential for teachers to have a major influence on early adolescents' development, this study addressed a major gap in the literature by examining: (1) the challenges that teachers face in low-income neighborhoods with high community violence; (2) the strategies that teachers use to foster resilience in their students; and (3) the supports that teachers need to more effectively teach and guide youth within violent communities. This qualitative study adopted an ecological/risk and resilience framework. Teachers' voices provided important information about the challenges of teaching in violent neighborhoods and the protective factors within various ecological contexts that help teachers foster youth resilience and maintain their own teaching effectiveness. The investigator recruited 20 teachers from three middle schools with predominantly African American students located in neighborhoods with high violence levels in Maryland. A modified grounded theory approach was used for data analysis. Results revealed that community violence was the central phenomenon affecting teachers in the three schools. Three emergent concepts framed teachers' depiction of their challenges, strategies, and support needs: (1) guidance; (2) structure; and (3) self preservation. Specifically, teachers in violent communities confronted challenges providing youth with guidance and structure, while preserving their own mental health. They employed guidance-related strategies to foster youth resilience; addressed structure in their classrooms, school, and community; and engaged in behaviors to preserve their personal mental health. Finally, teachers expressed needs for support to effectively guide youth; improve school and community structure; and access mental health-related services. The study concludes by discussing implications of the findings for programs and policies, including the need to improve teacher training, school leadership, school security, peer mediation and counseling services, parent education, and community involvement in anti-violence initiatives. Suggestions for future research are also discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 2006-99017-075. Other Journal Title: Dissertation Abstracts International. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Maring, Elisabeth Fost; U Maryland, Coll Park, US. Release Date: 20061218. Publication Type: Dissertation Abstract (0400). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Dissertation. Dissertation Number: AAI3212628. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Adolescent Development; Blacks; Middle School Teachers; Resilience (Psychological); Violence. Minor Descriptor: Communities. Classification: Developmental Psychology (2800). Population: Human (10). Location: US. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300). Methodology: Empirical Study; Qualitative Study. Page Count: 1.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2006-99017-075&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Marriott, B. P.\line %A Hibbeln, J. R.\line %A Killeen, T. K.\line %A Magruder, K. M.\line %A Holes-Lewis, K.\line %A Tolliver, B. K.\line %A Turner, T. H.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2016\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Design and methods for the Better Resiliency Among Veterans and non-Veterans with Omega-3's (BRAVO) study: A double blind, placebo-controlled trial of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation among adult individuals at risk of suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Contemp Clin Trials\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 47\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 325-33\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20160304\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Design and methods for the Better Resiliency Among Veterans and non-Veterans with Omega-3's (BRAVO) study: A double blind, placebo-controlled trial of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation among adult individuals at risk of suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1551-7144\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.cct.2016.02.002\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 26855120\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aged, 80 and over\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Dietary Supplements\par }
{\f1\fs22 Double-Blind Method\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fatty Acids, Omega-3/*therapeutic use\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Design\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*prevention & control/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Treatment Outcome\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Veterans/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Veterans Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adults\par }
{\f1\fs22 Omega-3 fatty acids\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Suicide remains the 10th leading cause of death among adults in the United States (U.S.). Annually, approximately 30 per 100,000 U.S. military Veterans commit suicide, compared to 14 per 100,000 U.S. civilians. Symptoms associated with suicidality can be treatment resistant and proven-effective pharmaceuticals may have adverse side-effects. Thus, a critical need remains to identify effective approaches for building psychological resiliency in at-risk individuals. Omega-3 highly unsaturated fatty acids (n-3 HUFAs) are essential nutrients, which must be consumed in the diet. N-3 HUFAs have been demonstrated to reduce symptoms of depression, anxiety, and impulsivity - which are associated with suicide risk. Here we present the design and methods for the Better Resiliency Among Veterans and non-Veterans with Omega-3's (BRAVO) study, which is a double blind, randomized, controlled trial among individuals at risk of suicide of an n-3 HUFA versus placebo supplementation in the form of all natural fruit juice beverages. The BRAVO study seeks to determine if dietary supplementation with n-3 HUFAs reduces the risk for serious suicidal behaviors, suicidal thinking, negative emotions, and symptoms associated with suicide risk. Sub-analyses will evaluate efficacy in reducing depressive symptoms, alcohol, and nicotine use. A sub-study utilizes functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) to evaluate the neuropsychological and neurophysiological effects of n-3 HUFAs. We also outline selection of appropriate proxy outcome measures for detecting response to treatment and collection of ancillary data, such as diet and substance use, that are critical for interpretation of results.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1559-2030\par }
{\f1\fs22 Marriott, Bernadette P\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hibbeln, Joseph R\par }
{\f1\fs22 Killeen, Therese K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Magruder, Kathryn M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Holes-Lewis, Kelly\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tolliver, Bryan K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Turner, Travis H\par }
{\f1\fs22 BRAVO Group\par }
{\f1\fs22 Intramural NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Randomized Controlled Trial\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Intramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2016/02/09\par }
{\f1\fs22 Contemp Clin Trials. 2016 Mar;47:325-33. doi: 10.1016/j.cct.2016.02.002. Epub 2016 Mar 4.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Nutrition Section, Division of Gastroenterology and Hepatology, Department of Medicine, and Military Division, Department of Psychiatry, College of Medicine, Medical University of South Carolina, 114 Doughty Street, Ste. 630D, MSC774, Charleston, SC 29425, USA. Electronic address: marriobp@musc.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Section on Nutritional Neurosciences, LMBB, NIAAA, NIH 5625 Fishers Lane, Rm 3N-07, MSC 9410, Bethesda, MD 20892, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Addiction Sciences Division, Medical University of South Carolina, 67 President St., PO Box 25086, Charleston, SC 29425, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry & Behavioral Sciences, Military Science Division, Department of Public Health Sciences, Division of Epidemiology, Office of Research Integrity, Medical University of South Carolina, 109 Bee Street, Charleston, SC 29401, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Division of Brain Research and Integrative Neuropsychopharmacology, Medical University of South Carolina, 67 President Street, Charleston, SC 29425, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Division of Addiction Sciences, Medical University of South Carolina, 67 President Street, Charleston, SC 29425, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ralph H. Johnson VAMC, 109 Bee Street, Charleston, SC 29410, USA; Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Department of Neurosciences/Neurology, Medical University of South Carolina, 67 President St., Charleston, SC 29425, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Thesis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Martin-Neuckermans, Anne M. J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 1995\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The relation of childhood sexual abuse and current hardiness to health behaviors in women\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I ProQuest Information & Learning\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 55\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 3018-3018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The relation of childhood sexual abuse and current hardiness to health behaviors in women\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 1995-95001-166\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K The relation of childhood sexual abuse and current hardiness to health behaviors in women (sexual abuse)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child Abuse\par }
{\f1\fs22 Human Females\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sexual Abuse\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Women who experience more severe childhood sexual abuse report significantly more negative aftereffects in adulthood (Browne & Finkelhor, 1986; Courtois, 1988). These aftereffects include feelings of powerlessness, negative self-perception, physical complaints, somatization, and destructive behavior (Briere, 1988; Courtois, 1988). This study investigated the association of the characteristics of childhood sexual abuse and psychological hardiness to health behaviors in adult women. It was postulated that the more severe the abuse, the fewer health behaviors would be practiced; the more hardy the women the more health behaviors would be practiced, and that both severity of abuse and hardiness would predict health behaviors better than severity of abuse separately. Additional analyses explored the relations of severity of abuse and hardiness to self-destructive behavior and perceived physical health. A community sample of 128 self-selected, primarily highly educated, Caucasian women between 18 and 45 years of age completed a self-administered questionnaire. Data were collected with a socio-demographic questionnaire, a Health Survey Questionnaire (HSQ), a modified version of the Sexual Abuse Exposure Questionnaire (SAEQ), and the Personal Views Questionnaire (PVQ). Results demonstrated significant negative relationships of severity of sexual abuse to health habits and to perceived physical health and a significant positive relationship between severity of abuse and self-destructive behaviors. More severe sexual abuse and a lower sense of control predicted fewer health habits but more destructive behaviors. More severe sexual abuse and lower hardiness predicted a negative perception of physical health. The study did not find significant relationships of severity of abuse and hardiness to health care behavior. The findings of this study established a link not previously studied: a relationship of severity of abuse and hardiness to health habits. Suggestions for future res (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 1995-95001-166. Other Journal Title: Dissertation Abstracts International. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Martin-Neuckermans, Anne M. J.; California School of Professional Psychology - Berkeley/alameda, US. Release Date: 19950101. Publication Type: Dissertation Abstract (0400). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Dissertation. Dissertation Number: AAM9431402. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Child Abuse; Human Females; Resilience (Psychological); Sexual Abuse. Classification: Health & Mental Health Treatment & Prevention (3300); Personality Psychology (3100). Population: Human (10); Female (40). Location: US. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300); Young Adulthood (18-29 yrs) (320); Thirties (30-39 yrs) (340); Middle Age (40-64 yrs) (360). Methodology: Empirical Study. Page Count: 1.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=1995-95001-166&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Matel-Anderson, D. M.\line %A Bekhet, A. K.\line %A Garnier-Villarreal, M.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Mediating Effects of Positive Thinking and Social Support on Suicide Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B West J Nurs Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 41\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 25-41\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20180220\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jan\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Mediating Effects of Positive Thinking and Social Support on Suicide Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0193-9459\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1177/0193945918757988\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 29460692\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Correlation of Data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Optimism/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self Concept\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*prevention & control/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Universities/organization & administration\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 college students\par }
{\f1\fs22 positive thinking\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-esteem\par }
{\f1\fs22 social support\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Suicide has been the second leading cause of death for 18- to 24-year-olds in the United States since 2011. The stress experienced by undergraduate college students has the potential to increase one's risk for suicide. Resilience theory was used as a theoretical framework to examine the interplay between risk and protective factors. A cross-sectional and correlational design was used to assess the mediating effects of positive thinking and/or social support on suicide resilience in 131 college students 18 to 24 years old who completed an online survey. The study found an indirect effect of self-esteem on suicide resilience through positive thinking and social support indicating that as self-esteem increases, positive thinking and social support also increase, which leads to an increase in resilience. The study also found a direct effect of self-esteem, positive thinking, and social support on suicide resilience. The findings inform the development of tailored interventions to build suicide resilience in college students.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1552-8456\par }
{\f1\fs22 Matel-Anderson, Denise M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0001-5046-3538\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bekhet, Abir K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Garnier-Villarreal, Mauricio\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2018/02/21\par }
{\f1\fs22 West J Nurs Res. 2019 Jan;41(1):25-41. doi: 10.1177/0193945918757988. Epub 2018 Feb 20.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/0193945918757988\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3465368990/Matel-Anderson-2019-Mediating Effects of Posit.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ 1 Marquette University College of Nursing, Milwaukee, WI, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A McDowell, Michal J.\line %A Hughto, Jaclyn M. W.\line %A Reisner, Sari L.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T 'Risk and protective factors for mental health morbidity in a community sample of female-to-male trans-masculine adults': Correction\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B BMC Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 19\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! 'Risk and protective factors for mental health morbidity in a community sample of female-to-male trans-masculine adults': Correction\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1471-244X\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2019-05304-001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Transgender\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Discrimination\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Violence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Posttraumatic Stress Disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 Protective Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Anxiety\par }
{\f1\fs22 Major Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Reports an error in 'Risk and protective factors for mental health morbidity in a community sample of female-to-male trans-masculine adults' by Michal J. McDowell, Jaclyn M. White Hughto and Sari L. Reisner (BMC Psychiatry, 2019[Jan][9], Vol 19[16]). Following publication of the original article, errors were discovered in NSSI prevalence and Annual household income. The correct information is provided. In addition, it is noted that the second author\u8217?s name should be written as Jaclyn M.W. Hughto. The name appears correctly in this record, and has been corrected in the original record. (The following abstract of the original article appeared in record [rid]2019-01660-001[/rid]). Background: Trans-masculine (TM) individuals, who are assigned female sex at birth and identify along the masculine gender spectrum, face mental health disparities relative to cisgender people. Limited research has sought to explore the multi-level risk and protective factors associated with mental health morbidity for TM populations. Methods: Between August 2015\u8211?September 2016, 150 TM adults were enrolled in a one-time biobehavioral health study. A survey assessed socio-demographics, past 12-month everyday discrimination, lifetime intimate partner violence (IPV), resilience (using the Brief Resilience Scale), and other factors. Bivariate and multivariable logistic regression analyses examined associations between participant characteristics and four mental health statuses: post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), depression, anxiety, and non-suicidal self-injury (NSSI). Results: In this sample (76.7% had a binary gender identity, i.e., man or transgender man; 74.7% were white, 70.0% were under age 30 years), 42.2% had PTSD based on past 30-day symptoms; 25.7% had depression based on past 7-day symptoms; 31.1% had anxiety based on past 7-day symptoms; and 31.3% had engaged in NSSI within the past 12-months. Results from multivariable models: 1) PTSD: unemployment, lifetime IPV and past 12-month discrimination were each associated with increased odds of PTSD, while having a partner was associated with the reduced odds of PTSD. 2) Depression: lower educational attainment and past 12-month discrimination were each associated with the increased odds of depression, while greater resilience was associated with the reduced odds of depression. 3) Anxiety: low annual household income and past 12-month discrimination were each associated with the increased odds of anxiety, while resilience was associated with the reduced odds of anxiety. 4) NSSI: past 12-month discrimination was associated with the increased odds of past 12-month NSSI, while higher age and greater resilience was associated with the reduced odds of NSSI (all p-values < 0.05). Conclusions: Unemployment, low income, limited education, everyday discrimination, and violence were risk factors for poor mental health, while being in a relationship, higher age, and personal resilience were protective against mental health morbidity. Findings highlight the need for interventions to address the individual, interpersonal, and societal factors that may be driving poor mental health in this population. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, US. Release Date: 20190318. Correction Date: 20200706. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Erratum/Correction. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Mental Health; Posttraumatic Stress Disorder; Protective Factors; Resilience (Psychological); Transgender. Minor Descriptor: Anxiety; Major Depression; Risk Factors. Classification: Community & Social Services (3373). References Available: Y. ArtID: 45. Issue Publication Date: Jan 28, 2019. Publication History: First Posted Date: Jan 28, 2019; Accepted Date: Jan 16, 2019; First Submitted Date: Jan 16, 2019. Copyright Statement: Open Access. This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made. The Creative Commons Public Domain Dedication waiver (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) applies to the data made available in this article, unless otherwise stated. The Author(s). 2019.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2019-05304-001&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sari.Reisner@childrens.harvard.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2496710711/s12888-019-2028-4.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 internal-pdf://2769476746/s12888-018-2008-0.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Reisner, Sari L., Harvard Medical School, 300 Longwood Ave., Boston, MA, US\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A McGuire, Adam P.\line %A Fogle, Brienna M.\line %A Tsai, Jack\line %A Southwick, Steven M.\line %A Pietrzak, Robert H.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Dispositional gratitude and mental health in the US Veteran population: Results from the National Health and Resilience Veterans Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Journal of Psychiatric Research\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 135\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 279-288\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Dispositional gratitude and mental health in the US Veteran population: Results from the National Health and Resilience Veterans Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0022-3956\par }
{\f1\fs22 1879-1379\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jpsychires.2021.01.020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2021-21897-037\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Anxiety\par }
{\f1\fs22 PTSD\par }
{\f1\fs22 Substance use disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/self harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 Trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 Quality of life\par }
{\f1\fs22 Religion/spirituality\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gratitude\par }
{\f1\fs22 Major Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Veterans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Posttraumatic Stress Disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Morbidity\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Dispositional gratitude may be linked to positive mental health outcomes, yet population-based data on this association are lacking. Military veterans are an ideal population in which to examine this question given high rates of psychiatric morbidities and efforts to promote psychological resilience in this population. Data were analyzed from a nationally representative sample of 3151 U.S. veterans. Veterans were separated into three groups based on an assessment of level of dispositional gratitude: high gratitude (weighted 79.8%), moderate gratitude (9.6%), and low gratitude (10.5%). Multivariable analyses examined the associations between level of dispositional gratitude, and measures of mental health and psychosocial variables. A 'dose-response' association was observed between levels of dispositional gratitude and odds of psychiatric morbidities. Higher dispositional gratitude was associated with decreased risk for lifetime history of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), major depressive disorder (MDD), social phobia, nicotine dependence, and suicide attempts, and decreased risk for current PTSD, MDD, generalized anxiety disorder, and suicidal ideation (odds ratio range = 0.16\u8211?0.65). Higher dispositional gratitude was additionally associated with resilience-promoting characteristics such as optimism, curiosity, purpose in life, perceived social support, and religiosity/spirituality (Cohen's d range = 0.11\u8211?0.73). Dispositional gratitude is prevalent in U.S. veterans, is negatively associated with psychiatric morbidities, and may help promote psychosocial factors linked to resilience in this population. Stratification of veterans with low, moderate, and high dispositional gratitude may help identify those who are at increased risk for psychiatric illness and in need of additional support. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Department of Psychology and Counseling, University of Texas at Tyler, Tyler, TX, US. Release Date: 20220404. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Gratitude; Major Depression; Mental Health; Military Veterans; Resilience (Psychological). Minor Descriptor: Posttraumatic Stress Disorder; Risk Factors; Morbidity. Classification: Health Psychology & Medicine (3360); Military Psychology (3800). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: US. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300). Tests & Measures: PTSD Checklist \u8211? Specific Stressor Version; Patient Health Questionnaire-2; Generalized Anxiety Disorder-2; Short Form Health Survey-8; Cognitive Functioning Scale; Quality of Life Enjoyment and Satisfaction-Short Form; Purpose in Life Test-Short Form; Structural Social Support Measure; Brief Loneliness Scale; Attachment Style Scale; Duke University Religion Index; Medical Outcomes Study Social Support Survey DOI: 10.1037/t04034-000; Community Integration Measure DOI: 10.1037/t28823-000; Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test Consumption DOI: 10.1037/t71125-000; Posttraumatic Growth Inventory--Short Form DOI: 10.1037/t04817-000; Fagerstrom Test for Nicotine Dependence; Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview DOI: 10.1037/t18597-000; Gratitude Questionnaire-6 DOI: 10.1037/t01837-000; Patient Health Questionnaire-9 DOI: 10.1037/t06165-000; Revised Life Orientation Test DOI: 10.1037/t09267-000; Trauma History Screen DOI: 10.1037/t03738-000; Ten-Item Personality Inventory DOI: 10.1037/t07016-000; Curiosity and Exploration Inventory--II DOI: 10.1037/t09556-000; 10-Item Connor-Davidson Resilience Scale DOI: 10.1037/t09624-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. References Available: Y. Page Count: 10. Issue Publication Date: Mar, 2021. Publication History: First Posted Date: Jan 19, 2021; Accepted Date: Jan 15, 2021; Revised Date: Jan 6, 2021; First Submitted Date: Nov 24, 2020.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: US Department of Veterans Affairs, National Center for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder, US. Other Details: National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study. Recipients: No recipient indicated\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2021-21897-037&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0002-0329-648X\par }
{\f1\fs22 amcguire@uttyler.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ McGuire, Adam P., University of Texas at Tyler, Department of Psychology and Counseling, 3900 University Blvd, HPR 237, Tyler, TX, US, 75799\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Thesis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A McHugh Loggie, Denise\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience as a moderator between food and housing insecurity and mental distress\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I ProQuest Information & Learning\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 83\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience as a moderator between food and housing insecurity and mental distress\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2021-92238-038\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K College students\par }
{\f1\fs22 Generation Z\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mood disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young adults\par }
{\f1\fs22 Affective Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Distress\par }
{\f1\fs22 Housing\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Generational Cohorts\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The prevalence of food insecurity (FI) and housing insecurity (HI) in college students has increased over the last decade along with an associated increase in mental health problems. Studies show significant increases in many markers for mental distress in this population including a higher prevalence of mood disorders, non-lethal self-harm, and attempted and completed suicides, particularly over the last decade. Compounding these challenges is the low level of resilience found in college-age young adults, potentially limiting their ability to cope with and recover from the hardship of FI and HI. This quantitative study, guided by resilience theory and Maslow's hierarchy of needs, addressed whether resilience moderates the level of mental distress stemming from FI and HI by analyzing secondary data from the Spring 2020 American College Health Association's National College Health Assessment, version 3. Although data showed a correlation between both resilience and FI with mental distress, resilience did not moderate the relationships between FI and HI and mental distress. However, results from this study may contribute to positive social change by helping university and mental health personnel better understand the mental distress and basic needs in this population, informing interventions moving forward. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 2021-92238-038. Other Journal Title: Dissertation Abstracts International. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: McHugh Loggie, Denise; Walden University, Psychology, US. Release Date: 20211115. Publication Type: Dissertation Abstract (0400). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Dissertation. Dissertation Number: AAI28645033. ISBN: 979-8534651485. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Affective Disorders; College Students; Distress; Housing; Resilience (Psychological). Minor Descriptor: Mental Health; Suicide; Generational Cohorts. Classification: General Psychology (2100); Personality Psychology (3100). Population: Human (10). Location: US. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300). Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2021-92238-038&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1359653852/Resilience as a Moderator Between Food and Hou.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A McLaren, S.\line %A Challis, C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2009\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience among men farmers: the protective roles of social support and sense of belonging in the depression-suicidal ideation relation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Death Stud\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 33\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 262-76\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience among men farmers: the protective roles of social support and sense of belonging in the depression-suicidal ideation relation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0748-1187 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0748-1187\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/07481180802671985\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 19353822\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K *Adaptation, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Agriculture\par }
{\f1\fs22 Australia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Models, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Social Adjustment\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X This study investigated the applicability of 3 models of resiliency for the prediction of suicidal ideation from depression (the risk factor) and social support and sense of belonging (the protective factors). A sample of 99 Australian men farmers completed measures of depression, suicidal ideas, social support, and sense of belonging. Sense of belonging compensated for high levels of depression, and social support, sense of belonging, and an increasing number of protective factors each weakened the depression-suicidal ideation relation. The findings are limited because of the small sample and reliance on self-report measures, but suggest that increasing social support and sense of belonging may benefit the mental health of men farmers.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z McLaren, Suzanne\par }
{\f1\fs22 Challis, Chantal\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2009/04/10\par }
{\f1\fs22 Death Stud. 2009 Mar;33(3):262-76. doi: 10.1080/07481180802671985.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ School of Behavioural and Social Sciences and Humanities, University of Ballarat, University Drive, Mt. Helen, Vicoria 3353 Australia. a.mclaren@ballarat.edu.au\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W HSR\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A McLaren, S.\line %A Gomez, R.\line %A Bailey, M.\line %A Van Der Horst, R. K.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2007\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The association of depression and sense of belonging with suicidal ideation among older adults: applicability of resiliency models\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Suicide Life Threat Behav\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 37\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 89-102\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The association of depression and sense of belonging with suicidal ideation among older adults: applicability of resiliency models\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0363-0234 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0363-0234\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1521/suli.2007.37.1.89\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 17397283\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Demography\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depressive Disorder, Major/diagnosis/*epidemiology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Group Processes\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk-Taking\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Social Identification\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Suicide among older people, especially men, is a significant problem. In this study the applicability of the compensatory, the risk-protective, the challenge, and the protective-protective models of resiliency for the prediction of suicidal ideation from depression (the risk factor) and sense of belonging to the community (the protective factor) was investigated. A total of 351 retired Australians (130 males and 221 females), with a mean age of 71.31 years (SD = 7.99), completed the Zung Depression Scale, the suicide subscale of the General Health Questionnaire, and the Sense of Belonging Instrument. When sense of belonging (psychological) was the protective factor, results indicated support for the risk-protective model for men and women, and for the compensatory model for women only. In contrast, when sense of belonging (antecedents) was the protective factor, support was evident for the compensatory model for men and women, and for the challenge model for women only. Results indicate that interventions should be developed to enhance sense of belonging among aging adults.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z McLaren, Suzanne\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gomez, Rapson\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bailey, Maria\par }
{\f1\fs22 Van Der Horst, Renee K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2007/04/03\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide Life Threat Behav. 2007 Feb;37(1):89-102. doi: 10.1521/suli.2007.37.1.89.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ School of Behavioural & Sciences & Humanities, University of Ballarat, Australia. s.mclaren@ballarat.edu.au\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A McNamara, P. M.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2013\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Adolescent suicide in Australia: rates, risk and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Clin Child Psychol Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 18\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 351-69\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20121030\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jul\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Adolescent suicide in Australia: rates, risk and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1359-1045\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1177/1359104512455812\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 23118313\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Australia/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health Services Needs and Demand\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Incidence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Disorders/*epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self Efficacy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Australia\par }
{\f1\fs22 rates\par }
{\f1\fs22 risk resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Adolescent suicide rates in Australia have fallen significantly during recent years. The incidence, however, clearly remains a serious concern for young people, parents, professionals and policy makers. Some groups of Australian youth appear to be at heightened risk. Adolescents within the welfare system, indigenous, rural and refugee youth, along with same sex attracted young people often need very careful monitoring and support. Young men continue to take their lives more frequently than young women. Prevention programmes in Australia aim to develop resilience in young people, families and communities that can serve as protection against self harm and suicide. The improvement of mental health literacy, a fostering of adolescent self-efficacy and better access to early intervention strategies are currently privileged in national and state policies related to young people in Australia. More work is needed, however, to achieve a well integrated mental health framework capable of effectively addressing adolescent suicide prevention into the twenty-first century.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1461-7021\par }
{\f1\fs22 McNamara, Patricia M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2012/11/03\par }
{\f1\fs22 Clin Child Psychol Psychiatry. 2013 Jul;18(3):351-69. doi: 10.1177/1359104512455812. Epub 2012 Oct 30.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1177/1359104512455812?url_ver=Z39.88-2003&rfr_id=ori:rid:crossref.org&rfr_dat=cr_pub%3dpubmed\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3087126524/mcnamara2012.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ School of Social Work and Social Policy, La Trobe University, Bundoora, Melbourne, Victoria 3086, Australia. p.mcnamara@latrobe.edu.au\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A McNamara, Patricia M.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2013\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Adolescent suicide in Australia: Rates, risk and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Clinical Child Psychology and Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 18\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 351-369\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Adolescent suicide in Australia: Rates, risk and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1359-1045\par }
{\f1\fs22 1461-7021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1177/1359104512455812\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2013-23097-004\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K adolescent suicide rates\par }
{\f1\fs22 Australia\par }
{\f1\fs22 risk factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 mortality rate\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health Services Needs and Demand\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Incidence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self Efficacy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Youth Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent Development\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Adolescent suicide rates in Australia have fallen significantly during recent years. The incidence, however, clearly remains a serious concern for young people, parents, professionals and policy makers. Some groups of Australian youth appear to be at heightened risk. Adolescents within the welfare system, indigenous, rural and refugee youth, along with same sex attracted young people often need very careful monitoring and support. Young men continue to take their lives more frequently than young women. Prevention programmes in Australia aim to develop resilience in young people, families and communities that can serve as protection against self harm and suicide. The improvement of mental health literacy, a fostering of adolescent self-efficacy and better access to early intervention strategies are currently privileged in national and state policies related to young people in Australia. More work is needed, however, to achieve a well integrated mental health framework capable of effectively addressing adolescent suicide prevention into the twenty-first century. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z School of Social Work and Social Policy, La Trobe University, Melbourne, VIC, Australia. Release Date: 20130923. Correction Date: 20210712. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Mortality Rate; Resilience (Psychological); Risk Factors; Suicide; Youth Suicide. Minor Descriptor: Adolescent Development. Classification: Behavior Disorders & Antisocial Behavior (3230). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: Australia. Age Group: Adolescence (13-17 yrs) (200). Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. References Available: Y. Page Count: 19. Issue Publication Date: Jul, 2013. Copyright Statement: The Author(s). 2012.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2013-23097-004&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 p.mcnamara@latrobe.edu.au\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ McNamara, Patricia M., School of Social Work and Social Policy, La Trobe University, Bundoor, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, 3086\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Millner, A. J.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Hwang, I.\line %A A, J. King\line %A Naifeh, J. A.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Zaslavsky, A. M.\line %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\line %A Nock, M. K.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Prior Mental Disorders and Lifetime Suicidal Behaviors Among US Army Soldiers in the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Suicide Life Threat Behav\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 49\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 3-22\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20170919\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Prior Mental Disorders and Lifetime Suicidal Behaviors Among US Army Soldiers in the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0363-0234 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0363-0234\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1111/sltb.12394\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC6839110\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS1057243\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 28926674\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Mental Disorders/diagnosis/epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Military Personnel/psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Retrospective Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment/*methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self Report\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide, Attempted/prevention & control/psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X We report on associations of retrospectively reported temporally prior mental disorders and Army career characteristics with subsequent first onset of suicidal behaviors in a large, representative sample of US Army soldiers who participated in the Consolidated All-Army Survey of the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (N\u160?=\u160?29,982). Results reveal that among men and women, all self-reported lifetime disorders measured (some assessed with screening scales) are associated with subsequent onset of suicide ideation. Among men, three disorders characterized by agitation and impulsiveness (intermittent explosive disorder, panic disorder, and substance disorders) predict the transition from suicide ideation to attempt. For both men and women, being in the Regular Army (vs. National Guard or Army Reserve) predicts suicide attempts in the total sample. For men, a history of deployment and junior rank are predictors of suicide attempts after adjusting for preenlistment disorders but not accounting for pre- and postenlistment disorders, suggesting that postenlistment disorders account for some of the increased suicide risk among these career characteristics. Overall, these results highlight associations between mental disorders and suicidal behaviors, but underscore limitations predicting which people with ideation attempt suicide.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1943-278x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Millner, Alexander J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0001-6092-2857\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hwang, Irving\par }
{\f1\fs22 J King, Andrew\par }
{\f1\fs22 Naifeh, James A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zaslavsky, Alan M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nock, Matthew K\par }
{\f1\fs22 STARRS-LS collaborators\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2017/09/20\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide Life Threat Behav. 2019 Feb;49(1):3-22. doi: 10.1111/sltb.12394. Epub 2017 Sep 19.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6839110/pdf/nihms-1057243.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2552972262/Millner-2019-Prior Mental Disorders and Lifeti.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychology, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Department of Psychiatry, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, MD, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Departments of Psychiatry and Family and Preventive Medicine, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 VA San Diego Healthcare System, San Diego, CA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Millner, A. J.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Hwang, I.\line %A King, A. J.\line %A Naifeh, J. A.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Zaslavsky, A. M.\line %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\line %A Nock, M. K.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Lifetime Suicidal Behaviors and Career Characteristics Among U.S. Army Soldiers: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Suicide Life Threat Behav\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 48\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 230-250\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20170620\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Apr\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Lifetime Suicidal Behaviors and Career Characteristics Among U.S. Army Soldiers: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0363-0234 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0363-0234\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1111/sltb.12363\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC5738281\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS871425\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 28631262\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Odds Ratio\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prevalence\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Retrospective Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Risk Assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sex Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/prevention & control/psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The current report presents data on lifetime prevalence of suicide ideation and nonfatal attempts as reported by the large representative sample of U.S. Army soldiers who participated in the Consolidated All-Army Survey of the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (N\u160?=\u160?29,982). We also examine associations of key Army career characteristics with these outcomes. Prevalence estimates for lifetime suicide ideation are 12.7% among men and 20.1% among women, and for lifetime suicide attempts are 2.5% and 5.1%, respectively. Retrospective age-of-onset reports suggest that 53.4%-70% of these outcomes had preenlistment onsets. Results revealed that, for both men and women, being in the Regular Army, compared with being in the National Guard or Army Reserve, and being in an enlisted rank, compared with being an officer, is associated with increased risk of suicidal behaviors and that this elevated risk is present both before and after joining the Army.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1943-278x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Millner, Alexander J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0001-6092-2857\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hwang, Irving\par }
{\f1\fs22 King, Andrew J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Naifeh, James A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zaslavsky, Alan M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nock, Matthew K\par }
{\f1\fs22 STARRS-LS Collaborators\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2017/06/21\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide Life Threat Behav. 2018 Apr;48(2):230-250. doi: 10.1111/sltb.12363. Epub 2017 Jun 20.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5738281/pdf/nihms871425.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0869476604/Millner-2018-Lifetime Suicidal Behaviors and C.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychology, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, MD, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Departments of Psychiatry and Family Medicine & Public Health, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 VA San Diego Healthcare System, San Diego, CA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Book\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Mills, Roger C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 1995\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Realizing mental health: Toward a new resiliency\par }
{\f1\fs22 %C New York, NY\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I Sulzburger & Graham Publishing\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Realizing mental health: Toward a new resiliency\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0-945819-79-X\par }
{\f1\fs22 0-945819-78-1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 1995-98800-000\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K psychological resilience & Psychology of Mind theory approach to treatment & prevention in mental health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mind\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychological Endurance\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prevention\par }
{\f1\fs22 Theories\par }
{\f1\fs22 Treatment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X 'Realizing Mental Health: Toward a New Psychology of Resiliency' [presents a] theory called Psychology of Mind. This new paradigm for psychological understanding, treatment, and prevention is built on the encouraging premise that every person has a hard-wired, innate capacity to use common sense, to enjoy and respect others, and to mature in a socially responsible way\u8212?regardless of their past or their circumstances. The discoveries leading to the Psychology of Mind paradigm recognize that the past is not what causes self-destructive behavior; the culprit appears to be negative habits of thought. [This book] teaches people that they have direct access to a healthy thought process. [The author] demonstrates that mental health is much more than merely the absence of illness. It is, in and of itself, something that people can always get more of\u8212?they can deepen their well being, their ability for creativity and insight, their motivation and productivity, and their enjoyment of life. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 1995-98800-000. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Mills, Roger C.; California School of Professional Psychology, Community Health Realization Inst, CA, US. Release Date: 19960401. Publication Type: Book (0200), Authored Book (0240). Format Covered: Print. Document Type: Book. ISBN: 0-945819-79-X, ISBN Hardcover; 0-945819-78-1, ISBN Paperback. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Mental Health; Mind; Psychological Endurance. Minor Descriptor: Prevention; Theories; Treatment. Classification: Health & Mental Health Treatment & Prevention (3300). Population: Human (10). Intended Audience: Psychology: Professional & Research (PS). Page Count: 207.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=1995-98800-000&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Montes-Hidalgo, J.\line %A Tom\u225?s-S\u225?bado, J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2016\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T [Self-esteem, resilience, locus of control and suicide risk in nursing students]\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Enferm Clin\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 26\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 188-93\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20160423\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 May-Jun\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! [Self-esteem, resilience, locus of control and suicide risk in nursing students]\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1130-8621\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.enfcli.2016.03.002\par }
{\f1\fs22 %(Autoestima, resiliencia, locus de control y riesgo suicida en estudiantes de enfermer\u237?a.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 27117042\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Internal-External Control\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Self Concept\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students, Nursing/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Autoestima\par }
{\f1\fs22 Enfermer\u237?a\par }
{\f1\fs22 Locus de control\par }
{\f1\fs22 Locus of control\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nursing\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resiliencia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Riesgo suicida\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-esteem\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X AIM: Assuming that suicide is the result of a series of factors acting cumulatively, the aim of this paper was to study the association of self-esteem, resilience and locus of control with the risk of suicidal behavior in a sample of nursing students. METHOD: Observational, cross-sectional and correlational study with 186 nursing students who answered a questionnaire that contained, in addition to demographic data, the Spanish forms of Rosenberg self-esteem scale, the brief resilient coping scale, the Plutchik scale of suicide risk and the Rotter's internal-external locus of control scale. RESULTS: The scores of males and females are very similar on all scales except Locus of Control, where a significantly greater tendency of females attributed to external control. 6.4% of students have scores indicating suicide risk. Suicide risk scores correlated negatively and significantly with self-esteem and resilience and positively with locus of control. The multiple linear regression analysis identified self-esteem as the main variable related to suicide risk. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that students who have low self-esteem, have difficulty in adjusting to adverse situations and tend to the external attribution of the consequences of their actions may have an increased risk of suicidal behavior. Furthermore, the identification of self-esteem as the important factor involved in suicide risk can help in designing prevention programs.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1579-2013\par }
{\f1\fs22 Montes-Hidalgo, Javier\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tom\u225?s-S\u225?bado, Joaqu\u237?n\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Spain\par }
{\f1\fs22 2016/04/28\par }
{\f1\fs22 Enferm Clin. 2016 May-Jun;26(3):188-93. doi: 10.1016/j.enfcli.2016.03.002. Epub 2016 Apr 23.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Escuela Universitaria de Enfermer\u237?a Gimbernat, Sant Cugat del Vall\u232?s, Barcelona, Espa\u241?a.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Escuela Universitaria de Enfermer\u237?a Gimbernat, Sant Cugat del Vall\u232?s, Barcelona, Espa\u241?a. Electronic address: joaquin.tomas@eug.es.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G spa\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Moore, M. M.\line %A Cerel, J.\line %A Jobes, D. A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Fruits of trauma? Posttraumatic growth among suicide-bereaved parents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Crisis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 36\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 241-8\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Fruits of trauma? Posttraumatic growth among suicide-bereaved parents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0227-5910\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1027/0227-5910/a000318\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 26440620\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K *Adaptation, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Bereavement\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Parents/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Personality\par }
{\f1\fs22 Regression Analysis\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 positive psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 posttraumatic growth\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide bereavement\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: While there is evidence that suicide-bereaved individuals may be at higher risk for trauma-related outcomes, such as posttraumatic stress disorder or prolonged grief, positive psychology suggests that suicide bereavement may also promote personal growth within the confines of distress characterized as posttraumatic growth (PTG). AIMS: The aim of this study was to investigate PTG and what variables, such as reflective rumination, resilience, personality variables, and mood states, contribute to PTG among suicide-bereaved parents. METHOD: Online survey methods were employed using a convenience sample of 154 parents bereaved by the suicide death of their child within 2 years. RESULTS: Multiple regression analyses revealed that resilience inversely predicted PTG scores, but reflective rumination did not predict PTG. PTG scores were in the low-moderate range and were lower than those of parents bereaved by other causes of death. Items endorsed most strongly corresponded to the PTG factors Relating to Others, Spiritual Change, and Appreciation of Life. CONCLUSION: In this study, PTG manifests among suicide-bereaved parents, but may be complicated by the proximity to the death and by concurrent brooding and reflective rumination unique to answering the question of "why" in this population.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 2151-2396\par }
{\f1\fs22 Moore, Melinda M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cerel, Julie\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jobes, David A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 Canada\par }
{\f1\fs22 2015/10/07\par }
{\f1\fs22 Crisis. 2015;36(4):241-8. doi: 10.1027/0227-5910/a000318.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ 1 Department of Psychology, Eastern Kentucky University, Richmond, KY, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2 College of Social Work, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 3 Department of Psychology, The Catholic University of America, Washington, DC, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Mosqueiro, B. P.\line %A da Rocha, N. S.\line %A Fleck, M. P.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Intrinsic religiosity, resilience, quality of life, and suicide risk in depressed inpatients\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Affect Disord\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 179\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 128-33\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20150321\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jul 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Intrinsic religiosity, resilience, quality of life, and suicide risk in depressed inpatients\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-0327\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jad.2015.03.022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 25863908\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Inpatients\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prospective Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Quality of Life/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Religion and Psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Intrinsic religiosity\par }
{\f1\fs22 Quality of life\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Religiosity is inversely related to depression and is directly associated with positive psychological outcomes. Nonetheless, there is no consensus on whether or how religiosity could impact and protect against depression. The present study evaluated the association between intrinsic religiosity and resilient psychological characteristics in depressed inpatients. METHODS: A sample of 143 depressed patients was prospectively evaluated in an inpatient psychiatric treatment in South Brazil. High Intrinsic Religiosity (HIR) and Low Intrinsic Religiosity (LIR) patients were compared across socio-demographic information, clinical measures, religiosity, resilience and quality of life. A linear regression model was used to evaluate the association between intrinsic religiosity and resilience, and the Cohen d test was utilized to assess effect sizes. RESULTS: At admission, HIR patients showed higher HAM-D (p=0.05), BPRS (p=0.02), GAF (p=0.02), and CGI (p=0.03) scores, lower educational levels (p=0.04), higher social support (p=0.05), and fewer previous suicide attempts (p=0.05). At discharge, HIR patients showed higher quality of life (p=0.001) and higher resilience (p=0.000), with a large effect size difference between groups (1.02). Based on a linear regression model (adjusted r=0.19, p=0.000), intrinsic religiosity was associated with resilience, controlling for covariates. CONCLUSION: In a sample of depressed inpatients, intrinsic religiosity was found to be associated with resilience, quality of life, and fewer previous suicide attempts. These findings support the relevance of religiosity assessments in mental health practice and support the hypothesis that resilient psychological characteristics may mediate the positive effects of intrinsic religiosity in depression.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1573-2517\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mosqueiro, Bruno Paz\par }
{\f1\fs22 da Rocha, Neusa Sica\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fleck, Marcelo Pio de Almeida\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 Netherlands\par }
{\f1\fs22 2015/04/13\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Affect Disord. 2015 Jul 1;179:128-33. doi: 10.1016/j.jad.2015.03.022. Epub 2015 Mar 21.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul, Porto Alegre, Brazil. Electronic address: brunopazmosqueiro@yahoo.com.br.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul, Porto Alegre, Brazil.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Muyor-Rodr\u237?guez, J.\line %A Caravaca-S\u225?nchez, F.\line %A Fern\u225?ndez-Prados, J. S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T COVID-19 Fear, Resilience, Social Support, Anxiety, and Suicide among College Students in Spain\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Int J Environ Res Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 18\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 15\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20210801\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Aug 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! COVID-19 Fear, Resilience, Social Support, Anxiety, and Suicide among College Students in Spain\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1661-7827 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1660-4601\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.3390/ijerph18158156\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 The authors declare no conflict of interest.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC8345962\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 34360447\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Anxiety/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *covid-19\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fear\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pandemics\par }
{\f1\fs22 SARS-CoV-2\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Spain/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Covid-19\par }
{\f1\fs22 Spain\par }
{\f1\fs22 anxiety\par }
{\f1\fs22 college students\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Worldwide, previous studies have expressed concerns regarding the broad psychological effects of the COVID-19 pandemic among college students as they are considered an especially vulnerable group. However, few studies have examined the prevalence of, risk of, and protective factors associated with fear of COVID-19 among college students in Europe. We have sought to address gaps in the literature by conducting a cross-sectional survey among 517 college students (79.1% women and 20.9% men) from a public university in the southeast of Spain. Participants were asked to complete the Fear of COVID-19 scale (FCV-19S) questionnaire and answer questions related to resilience, social support, anxiety, and suicide risk levels using validated scales. The results of the analysis of the variables associated with fear of COVID-19 suggest that, in addition to gender, the factor of anxiety shows a robust positive association and effect with COVID-19 fear (p < 0.001). According to our results, university institutions must adopt support mechanisms to alleviate psychological impacts on students during this pandemic, treating it similarly to other disasters. Implications for social work to reduce COVID-19 fear are also discussed.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1660-4601\par }
{\f1\fs22 Muyor-Rodr\u237?guez, Jes\u250?s\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-4226-5181\par }
{\f1\fs22 Caravaca-S\u225?nchez, Francisco\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fern\u225?ndez-Prados, Juan Sebasti\u225?n\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-7419-3998\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/08/08\par }
{\f1\fs22 Int J Environ Res Public Health. 2021 Aug 1;18(15):8156. doi: 10.3390/ijerph18158156.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://mdpi-res.com/d_attachment/ijerph/ijerph-18-08156/article_deploy/ijerph-18-08156.pdf?version=1627811183\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3084669002/Muyor-Rodr\u237?guez-2021-COVID-19 Fear, Resilience.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychology, CEMyRI, Area of Social Work and Social Services, Almer\u237?a University, 04120 Almer\u237?a, Spain.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Area of Social Work and Social Services, Almer\u237?a University, 04120 Almer\u237?a, Spain.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Sociology, CEMyRI, Almer\u237?a University, 04120 Almer\u237?a, Spain.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Nagra, G. S.\line %A Lin, A.\line %A Upthegrove, R.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2016\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T What bridges the gap between self-harm and suicidality? The role of forgiveness, resilience and attachment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychiatry Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 241\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 78-82\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20160430\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jul 30\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! What bridges the gap between self-harm and suicidality? The role of forgiveness, resilience and attachment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-1781\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.psychres.2016.04.103\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 27156028\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adaptation, Psychological/*physiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Forgiveness/*physiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Object Attachment\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior/*physiopathology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Psychological factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Self-harm is the most robust risk for completed suicide. There is a lack of understanding of why some people who self-harm escalate to suicidal behaviour when others do not. Psychological factors such as attachment, self-forgiveness and self-appraisal may be important. To determine whether factors from the Interpersonal Theory and Schematic Appraisals models are useful to identify suicidal behaviour in populations that self-harm. Specifically we investigate whether resilience factors of secure attachment, self-forgiveness and positive self-appraisals significantly influence suicidality in people who self-harm. A cross-sectional online study of 323 participants recruited from self-harm support forum. Validated self-report measures were used to assess appraisals, relationships, self-forgiveness, attachment style, suicidality and self-harm. Emotion coping and support seeking self-appraisals and self-forgiveness were negatively associated with suicidality in participants with a history of self-harm. Dismissing attachment was positively associated with suicidality. The perceived ability to cope with emotions, the perceived ability to gain support and self-forgiveness may protect against suicide in people who self-harm. Conversely the presence of dismissing attachment may increase the risk of suicidality. Findings provide therapeutic targets to reduce risk of suicidality in this high risk group.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1872-7123\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nagra, Gurmokh S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lin, Ashleigh\par }
{\f1\fs22 Upthegrove, Rachel\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ireland\par }
{\f1\fs22 2016/05/09\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry Res. 2016 Jul 30;241:78-82. doi: 10.1016/j.psychres.2016.04.103. Epub 2016 Apr 30.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://api.research-repository.uwa.edu.au/ws/files/21017701/Nagra_et_al_2016_What_bridges_the_gap_between_self_harm_and_suicidality_.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0346923415/Nagra-2016-What bridges the gap between self-h.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ University of Birmingham, Edgbaston, West Midlands, B15 2TT, United Kingdom.\par }
{\f1\fs22 University of Birmingham, Edgbaston, West Midlands, B15 2TT, United Kingdom; Telethon Kids Institute, The University of Western Australia, 6008 PO Box 855, West Perth 6872, Australia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 University of Birmingham, Edgbaston, West Midlands, B15 2TT, United Kingdom; Birmingham and Solihull Mental Health NHS Foundation Trust, 50 Summer Hill Road, Birmingham B1 3RB, United Kingdom. Electronic address: r.upthegrove@bham.ac.uk.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Nagra, G. S.\line %A Lin, A.\line %A Upthegrove, R.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2016\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T What bridges the gap between self-harm and suicidality? The role of forgiveness, resilience and attachment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychiatry Research\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 241\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 78-82\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jul\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! What bridges the gap between self-harm and suicidality? The role of forgiveness, resilience and attachment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O Psychiatry Res.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-1781\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.psychres.2016.04.103\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000379370900013\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Psychological factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 confidence model\par }
{\f1\fs22 mediating role\par }
{\f1\fs22 risk-factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 styles\par }
{\f1\fs22 individuals\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Self-harm is the most robust risk for completed suicide. There is a lack of understanding of why some people who self-harm escalate to suicidal behaviour when others do not. Psychological factors such as attachment, self-forgiveness and self-appraisal may be important. To determine whether factors from the Interpersonal Theory and Schematic Appraisals models are useful to identify suicidal behaviour in populations that self-harm. Specifically we investigate whether resilience factors of secure attachment, self-forgiveness and positive self-appraisals significantly influence suicidality in people who self-harm. A cross-sectional online study of 323 participants recruited from self-harm support forum. Validated self report measures were used to assess appraisals, relationships, self-forgiveness, attachment style, suicidality and self-harm. Emotion coping and support seeking self-appraisals and self-forgiveness were negatively associated with suicidality in participants with a history of self-harm. Dismissing attachment was positively associated with suicidality. The perceived ability to cope with emotions, the perceived ability to gain support and self-forgiveness may protect against suicide in people who self-harm. Conversely the presence of dismissing attachment may increase the risk of suicidality. Findings provide therapeutic targets to reduce risk of suicidality in this high risk group. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: DQ7EY\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 15\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 51\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      Andover M. S., 2012, CHILD ADOLESCENT PSY, V6, P1, DOI [10.1186/1753-2000-6-11, DOI 10.1186/1753-2000-6-11]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Anestis MD, 2014, PSYCHIAT RES, V218, P166, DOI 10.1016/j.psychres.2014.03.031\par }
{\f1\fs22      Asarnow JR, 2011, J AM ACAD CHILD PSY, V50, P772, DOI 10.1016/j.jaac.2011.04.003\par }
{\f1\fs22      BARTHOLOMEW K, 1991, J PERS SOC PSYCHOL, V61, P226, DOI 10.1037/0022-3514.61.2.226\par }
{\f1\fs22      BARTHOLOMEW K, 1990, J SOC PERS RELAT, V7, P147, DOI 10.1177/0265407590072001\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bebbington PE, 2010, EUR PSYCHIAT, V25, P427, DOI 10.1016/j.eurpsy.2009.12.004\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bostik KE, 2007, BRIT J GUID COUNS, V35, P79, DOI 10.1080/03069880601106815\par }
{\f1\fs22      Brausch AM, 2010, J YOUTH ADOLESCENCE, V39, P233, DOI 10.1007/s10964-009-9482-0\par }
{\f1\fs22      Brent DA, 2005, AM J MED GENET C, V133C, P13, DOI 10.1002/ajmg.c.30042\par }
{\f1\fs22      Breton Jean-Jacques, 2015, Can J Psychiatry, V60, pS5\par }
{\f1\fs22      Chang EC, 2002, PERS INDIV DIFFER, V32, P1279, DOI 10.1016/S0191-8869(01)00118-0\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cox LJ, 2012, J CLIN PSYCHIAT, V73, P821, DOI 10.4088/JCP.11m07250\par }
{\f1\fs22      Davaji RBO, 2010, PROCD SOC BEHV, V5, P1190, DOI 10.1016/j.sbspro.2010.07.259\par }
{\f1\fs22      Deeley ST, 2013, ADV MENT HEALTH, V12, P34, DOI 10.5172/jamh.2013.12.1.34\par }
{\f1\fs22      Deeley ST, 2012, ADV MENT HEALTH, V10, P246, DOI 10.5172/jamh.2012.10.3.246\par }
{\f1\fs22      Deiter-Sands P.J., 2009, BEHAV EMERGENCIES EV, P211\par }
{\f1\fs22      Grunebaum MF, 2010, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V123, P123, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2009.09.010\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hall JH, 2005, J SOC CLIN PSYCHOL, V24, P621, DOI 10.1521/jscp.2005.24.5.621\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hamza CA, 2013, PLOS ONE, V8, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0059955\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hamza CA, 2012, CLIN PSYCHOL REV, V32, P482, DOI 10.1016/j.cpr.2012.05.003\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hansen R. W., 2013, ROLE SELF FORGIVENES\par }
{\f1\fs22      Harris IM, 2013, J MED INTERNET RES, V15, DOI 10.2196/jmir.2802\par }
{\f1\fs22      Haw C, 2013, SUICIDE LIFE-THREAT, V43, P97, DOI 10.1111/j.1943-278X.2012.00130.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hawton K, 2013, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V147, P17, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2013.01.004\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hirsch JK, 2011, J CLIN PSYCHOL, V67, P896, DOI 10.1002/jclp.20812\par }
{\f1\fs22      Johnson J, 2010, BEHAV RES THER, V48, P883, DOI 10.1016/j.brat.2010.05.013\par }
{\f1\fs22      Johnson J, 2010, BEHAV RES THER, V48, P179, DOI 10.1016/j.brat.2009.10.007\par }
{\f1\fs22      Johnson J, 2008, PSYCHOL PSYCHOTHER-T, V81, P55, DOI 10.1348/147608307X244996\par }
{\f1\fs22      Joiner T., 2009, WHY PEOPLE DIE SUICI\par }
{\f1\fs22      Levi-Belz Y, 2013, SUICIDE LIFE-THREAT, V43, P511, DOI 10.1111/sltb.12035\par }
{\f1\fs22      Majid M., 2015, SOC PSYCH PSYCH EPID, P1\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mars B, 2014, BMJ-BRIT MED J, V349, DOI 10.1136/bmj.g5954\par }
{\f1\fs22      MIKULINCER M, 1991, J PERS SOC PSYCHOL, V61, P321, DOI 10.1037/0022-3514.61.2.321\par }
{\f1\fs22      Muehlenkamp Jennifer J, 2007, Arch Suicide Res, V11, P69, DOI 10.1080/13811110600992902\par }
{\f1\fs22      National Collaborating Centre for Mental Health, 2004, SELF HARM SHORT TERM, V16\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2006, PSYCHIAT RES, V144, P65, DOI 10.1016/j.psychres.2006.05.010\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2010, ANNU REV CLIN PSYCHO, V6, P339, DOI 10.1146/annurev.clinpsy.121208.131258\par }
{\f1\fs22      Osman A, 2001, ASSESSMENT, V8, P443, DOI 10.1177/107319110100800409\par }
{\f1\fs22      Panagioti M, 2014, COMPR PSYCHIAT, V55, P104, DOI 10.1016/j.comppsych.2013.06.004\par }
{\f1\fs22      Park JI, 2014, INT J GERIATR PSYCH, V29, P367, DOI 10.1002/gps.4012\par }
{\f1\fs22      Peter T, 2008, ARCH SUICIDE RES, V12, P263, DOI 10.1080/13811110802100882\par }
{\f1\fs22      Shaver P.R., 2010, ATTACHMENT ADULTHOOD\par }
{\f1\fs22      Thompson LY, 2005, J PERS, V73, P313, DOI 10.1111/j.1467-6494.2005.00311.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Tsai A. C., 2015, JAMA PSYCHIAT\par }
{\f1\fs22      Turner BJ, 2013, ARCH SUICIDE RES, V17, P397, DOI 10.1080/13811118.2013.802660\par }
{\f1\fs22      Victor SE, 2014, CLIN PSYCHOL REV, V34, P282, DOI 10.1016/j.cpr.2014.03.005\par }
{\f1\fs22      Westers NJ, 2012, J NERV MENT DIS, V200, P535, DOI 10.1097/NMD.0b013e318257c837\par }
{\f1\fs22      Whitlock J, 2013, J ADOLESCENT HEALTH, V52, P486, DOI 10.1016/j.jadohealth.2012.09.010\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wilcox HC, 2012, PSYCHOL MED, V42, P717, DOI 10.1017/S0033291711001814\par }
{\f1\fs22      Williams J.M.G., 1997, CRY PAIN UNDERSTANDI\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zeyrek EY, 2009, DEATH STUD, V33, P815, DOI 10.1080/07481180903142407\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nagra, Gurmokh S. Lin, Ashleigh Upthegrove, Rachel\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lin, Ashleigh/AHC-6262-2022; Upthegrove, Rachel/AAD-9761-2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lin, Ashleigh/0000-0002-4054-0242; Upthegrove, Rachel/0000-0001-8204-5103\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nhmrc [1072593]\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dr Ashleigh Lin is supported by the NHMRC (1072593).\par }
{\f1\fs22 15\par }
{\f1\fs22 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 37\par }
{\f1\fs22 Elsevier ireland ltd\par }
{\f1\fs22 Clare\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000379370900013\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Nagra, Gurmokh S.; Lin, Ashleigh; Upthegrove, Rachel] Univ Birmingham, Edgbaston B15 2TT, W Midlands, England. [Lin, Ashleigh] Univ Western Australia, Telethon Kids Inst, 6008 POB 855, Perth 6872, Australia. [Upthegrove, Rachel] Birmingham & Solihull Mental Hlth NHS Fdn Trust, 50 Summer Hill Rd, Birmingham B1 3RB, W Midlands, England.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Upthegrove, R (corresponding author), Univ Birmingham, Birmingham B15 2TT, W Midlands, England.\par }
{\f1\fs22 r.upthegrove@bham.ac.uk\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Nagra, Gurmokh S.\line %A Lin, Ashleigh\line %A Upthegrove, Rachel\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2016\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T What bridges the gap between self-harm and suicidality? The role of forgiveness, resilience and attachment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychiatry Research\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 241\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 78-82\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! What bridges the gap between self-harm and suicidality? The role of forgiveness, resilience and attachment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-1781\par }
{\f1\fs22 1872-7123\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.psychres.2016.04.103\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2016-31723-014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Psychological factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adaptation, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Forgiveness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Object Attachment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychological Stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidality\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Self-harm is the most robust risk for completed suicide. There is a lack of understanding of why some people who self-harm escalate to suicidal behaviour when others do not. Psychological factors such as attachment, self-forgiveness and self-appraisal may be important. To determine whether factors from the Interpersonal Theory and Schematic Appraisals models are useful to identify suicidal behaviour in populations that self-harm. Specifically we investigate whether resilience factors of secure attachment, self-forgiveness and positive self-appraisals significantly influence suicidality in people who self-harm. A cross-sectional online study of 323 participants recruited from self-harm support forum. Validated self-report measures were used to assess appraisals, relationships, self-forgiveness, attachment style, suicidality and self-harm. Emotion coping and support seeking self-appraisals and self-forgiveness were negatively associated with suicidality in participants with a history of self-harm. Dismissing attachment was positively associated with suicidality. The perceived ability to cope with emotions, the perceived ability to gain support and self-forgiveness may protect against suicide in people who self-harm. Conversely the presence of dismissing attachment may increase the risk of suicidality. Findings provide therapeutic targets to reduce risk of suicidality in this high risk group. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z University of Birmingham, Edgbaston, United Kingdom. Release Date: 20160718. Correction Date: 20201109. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishGrant Information: Lin, Ashleigh. Major Descriptor: Psychological Stress; Self-Injurious Behavior; Suicide; Suicidality. Minor Descriptor: Forgiveness. Classification: Behavior Disorders & Antisocial Behavior (3230). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Age Group: Adolescence (13-17 yrs) (200); Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300); Young Adulthood (18-29 yrs) (320); Thirties (30-39 yrs) (340); Middle Age (40-64 yrs) (360). Tests & Measures: Resilience Appraisal Scale; Deliberate Self-harm Behaviors Questionnaire; Suicidal Behaviours Questionnaire-Revised; Relationship Questionnaire; Heartland Forgiveness Scale DOI: 10.1037/t00957-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. References Available: Y. Page Count: 5. Issue Publication Date: Jul 30, 2016. Publication History: First Posted Date: Apr 30, 2016; Accepted Date: Apr 29, 2016; Revised Date: Mar 8, 2016; First Submitted Date: Sep 29, 2015. Copyright Statement: Elsevier Ireland Ltd. 2016.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: National Health and Medical Research Council. Grant: 1072593. Recipients: Lin, Ashleigh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2016-31723-014&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0001-8204-5103\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0002-4054-0242\par }
{\f1\fs22 r.upthegrove@bham.ac.uk\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Upthegrove, Rachel, University of Birmingham, Edgbaston, Edgbaston, WMD, United Kingdom, B15 2TT\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Naifeh, J. A.\line %A Mash, H. B. H.\line %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Fullerton, C. S.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS): progress toward understanding suicide among soldiers\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Mol Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 24\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 34-48\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20180813\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jan\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS): progress toward understanding suicide among soldiers\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1359-4184 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1359-4184\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1038/s41380-018-0197-z\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 In the past 3 years, RCK received support for his epidemiological studies from Sanofi Aventis; was a consultant for Johnson & Johnson Wellness and Prevention, Shire, Takeda; and served on an advisory board for the Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc. Lake Nona Life Project. RCK is a co-owner of DataStat, Inc., a market research firm that carries out healthcare research. MBS has been a consultant for Actelion Pharmaceuticals, Healthcare Management Technologies, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Pfizer, Remedy Therapeutics, Oxeia Biopharmaceuticals, and Tonix Pharmaceuticals. The remaining authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC6756108\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 30104726\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Follow-Up Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Disorders/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/prevention & control/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Responding to an unprecedented increase in the suicide rate among soldiers, in 2008 the US Army and US National Institute of Mental Health funded the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS), a multicomponent epidemiological and neurobiological study of risk and resilience factors for suicidal thoughts and behaviors, and their psychopathological correlates among Army personnel. Using a combination of administrative records, representative surveys, computerized neurocognitive tests, and blood samples, Army STARRS and its longitudinal follow-up study (STARRS-LS) are designed to identify potentially actionable findings to inform the Army's suicide prevention efforts. The current report presents a broad overview of Army STARRS and its findings to date on suicide deaths, attempts, and ideation, as well as other important outcomes that may increase suicide risk (e.g., mental disorders, sexual assault victimization). The findings highlight the complexity of environmental and genetic risk and protective factors in different settings and contexts, and the importance of life and career history in understanding suicidal thoughts and behaviors.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1476-5578\par }
{\f1\fs22 Naifeh, James A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mash, Holly B Herberman\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0001-9564-2871\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fullerton, Carol S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 HU0001-15-2-0004/U.S. Department of Defense (DOD)/International\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Review\par }
{\f1\fs22 2018/08/15\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mol Psychiatry. 2019 Jan;24(1):34-48. doi: 10.1038/s41380-018-0197-z. Epub 2018 Aug 13.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6756108/pdf/41380_2018_Article_197.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0950830467/Naifeh-2019-The Army Study to Assess Risk and.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychiatry, Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, MD, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry and Department of Family Medicine and Public Health, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 VA San Diego Healthcare System, San Diego, CA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, MD, USA. robert.ursano@usuhs.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Naifeh, J. A.\line %A Nock, M. K.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Vegella, P. L.\line %A Aliaga, P. A.\line %A Fullerton, C. S.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\line %A Wryter, C. L.\line %A Heeringa, S. G.\line %A Stein, M. B.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Neurocognitive Function and Suicide in U.S. Army Soldiers\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Suicide Life Threat Behav\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 47\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 5\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 589-602\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20161101\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Oct\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Neurocognitive Function and Suicide in U.S. Army Soldiers\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0363-0234 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0363-0234\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1111/sltb.12307\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC5411316\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS849421\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 27801502\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cognition\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cohort Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Neuropsychological Tests/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Predictive Value of Tests\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prospective Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment/methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 Statistics as Topic\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide, Attempted/prevention & control/psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X This prospective cohort study used administrative data from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers to examine associations between neurocognitive functioning and subsequent suicidal events among Regular Army enlisted soldiers during the years 2004-2009. Cases were all soldiers who completed the Army's Automated Neuropsychological Assessment Metrics (ANAM) computerized testing battery prior to documented suicide attempt (n\u160?=\u160?607), ideation (n\u160?=\u160?955), or death (n\u160?=\u160?57). Controls were an equal-probability sample of 9,893 person-months from other soldiers. Exploratory factor analysis of five ANAM tests identified a general neurocognitive factor that excluded the mathematic processing test (MTH). When examined separately in logistic regression analyses that controlled for sociodemographics and prior mental health diagnosis, both the general neurocognitive factor (logit [\u946?]\u160?=\u160?-.197 to -.521; p\u160?<\u160?.01) and MTH (\u946?\u160?=\u160?-.024 to -.064; p\u160?<\u160?.05) were associated with all outcomes. When both predictors were examined simultaneously, the general neurocognitive factor continued to be associated with all outcomes (\u946?\u160?=\u160?-.164 to -.417; p\u160?<\u160?.05) and MTH continued to be associated with suicide attempt (\u946?\u160?=\u160?-.015; p\u160?=\u160?.046) and ideation (\u946?\u160?=\u160?-.014; p\u160?=\u160?.018). These small but robust associations suggest that future research must continue to examine the extent to which objective neurocognitive tests may enhance understanding and prediction of suicide risk.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1943-278x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Naifeh, James A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nock, Matthew K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Vegella, Patti L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aliaga, Pablo A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fullerton, Carol S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wryter, Christina L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Heeringa, Steven G\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Army STARRS Collaborators\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2016/11/02\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide Life Threat Behav. 2017 Oct;47(5):589-602. doi: 10.1111/sltb.12307. Epub 2016 Nov 1.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://deepblue.lib.umich.edu/bitstream/handle/2027.42/138894/sltb12307_am.pdf?sequence=1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0378764176/Naifeh-2017-Neurocognitive Function and Suicid.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychiatry, Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, MD, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Institute for Social Research, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Family Medicine and Public Health, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 VA San Diego Healthcare System, La Jolla, CA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Naifeh, J. A.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\line %A Zaslavsky, A. M.\line %A Nock, M. K.\line %A Dempsey, C. L.\line %A Bartolanzo, D.\line %A Ng, T. H. H.\line %A Aliaga, P. A.\line %A Zuromski, K. L.\line %A Dinh, H. M.\line %A Fullerton, C. S.\line %A Kao, T. C.\line %A Mash, H. B. H.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Wynn, G. H.\line %A Stein, M. B.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Transition to suicide attempt from recent suicide ideation in U.S. Army soldiers: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Depress Anxiety\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 36\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 5\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 412-422\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20181214\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 May\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Transition to suicide attempt from recent suicide ideation in U.S. Army soldiers: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1091-4269 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1091-4269\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/da.22870\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 Conflict of Interest Disclosures: Dr. Kessler reports grants from Sanofi Aventis, personal fees from Johnson & Johnson Wellness and Prevention, personal fees from Sage Pharmaceuticals, personal fees from Shire, personal fees from Takeda, other from Johnson & Johnson Services Inc. Lake Nona Life Project, other from Datastat, Inc., outside the submitted work. The remaining authors report nothing to disclose.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC6488405\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS1000758\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 30549394\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Case-Control Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depressive Disorder, Major/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Disruptive, Impulse Control, and Conduct Disorders/*epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prospective Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/*epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 military\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide attempt\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Most people with suicide ideation (SI) do not attempt suicide (SA). Understanding the transition from current/recent SI to SA is important for mental health care. Our objective was to identify characteristics that differentiate SA from 30-day SI among representative U.S. Army soldiers. METHODS: Using a unique case-control design, soldiers recently hospitalized for SA (n\u160?=\u160?132) and representative soldiers from the same four communities (n\u160?=\u160?10,193) were administered the same questionnaire. We systematically identified variables that differentiated suicide attempters from the total population, then examined whether those same variables differentiated all 30-day ideators (n\u160?=\u160?257) from the total population and attempters from nonattempting 30-day ideators. RESULTS: In univariable analyses, 20 of 23 predictors were associated with SA in the total population (0.05 level). The best multivariable model included eight significant predictors: interpersonal violence, relationship problems, major depressive disorder, posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and substance use disorder (all having positive associations), as well as past 12-month combat trauma, intermittent explosive disorder (IED), and any college education (all having negative associations). Six of these differentiated 30-day ideators from the population. Three differentiated attempters from ideators: past 30-day PTSD (OR\u160?=\u160?6.7 [95% CI =\u160?1.1-39.4]), past 30-day IED (OR\u160?=\u160?0.2 [95% CI =\u160?0.1-0.5]), and any college education (OR\u160?=\u160?0.1 [95% CI =\u160?0.0-0.6]). The 5% of ideators with highest predicted risk in this final model included 20.9% of attempters, a four-fold concentration of risk. CONCLUSIONS: Prospective army research examining transition from SI to SA should consider PTSD, IED, and education. Combat exposure did not differentiate attempters from ideators. Many SA risk factors in the Army population are actually risk factors for SI.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1520-6394\par }
{\f1\fs22 Naifeh, James A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-1861-9173\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-4831-2305\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zaslavsky, Alan M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nock, Matthew K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dempsey, Catherine L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bartolanzo, Danielle\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ng, Tsz Hin Hinz\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aliaga, Pablo A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zuromski, Kelly L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dinh, Hieu M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fullerton, Carol S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kao, Tzu-Cheg\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mash, Holly B Herberman\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0001-5562-6009\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wynn, Gary H\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2018/12/15\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depress Anxiety. 2019 May;36(5):412-422. doi: 10.1002/da.22870. Epub 2018 Dec 14.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6488405/pdf/nihms-1000758.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3323180600/Naifeh-2019-Transition to suicide attempt from.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Department of Psychiatry, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, MD, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Preventive Medicine and Biostatistics, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, MD, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry and Department of Family Medicine and Public Health, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 VA San Diego Healthcare System, La Jolla, CA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Nichter, B.\line %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Norman, S. B.\line %A Hill, M. L.\line %A Straus, E.\line %A Haller, M.\line %A Pietrzak, R. H.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Prevalence, Correlates, and Treatment of Suicidal Behavior in US Military Veterans: Results From the 2019-2020 National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Clin Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 82\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 5\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20210810\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Aug 10\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Prevalence, Correlates, and Treatment of Suicidal Behavior in US Military Veterans: Results From the 2019-2020 National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0160-6689\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.4088/JCP.20m13714\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 34383391\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult Survivors of Child Adverse Events/psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Age Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aged, 80 and over\par }
{\f1\fs22 Alcoholism/complications\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health Surveys\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prevalence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/complications\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Veterans/*psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Objective: US military veterans have high rates of suicide relative to civilians. However, little is known about the prevalence and correlates of suicidal behaviors in the general US veteran population. Methods: Data were from the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study, a representative survey of US veterans conducted in 2019-2020 (n\u8201?=\u8201?4,069). Analyses (1) estimated the prevalence of current suicidal ideation, lifetime suicide plans, and lifetime suicide attempts; (2) identified associated sociodemographic, military, DSM-5 psychiatric, and other risk correlates; and (3) examined mental health treatment utilization among veterans with suicidal ideation, suicide plans, or suicide attempts. Results: The prevalence of current suicidal ideation, lifetime suicide plans, and lifetime suicide attempts was 9.0%, 7.3%, and 3.9%, respectively. Suicidal behaviors were most prevalent among veterans aged 18-44 years, with 18.2%, 19.3%, and 11.1%, respectively, endorsing suicidal ideation, suicide plans, and suicide attempts. Major depressive disorder (MDD), age, posttraumatic stress disorder, and adverse childhood experiences (ACEs) emerged as the strongest correlates of suicidal ideation and suicide plans, while MDD, age, alcohol use disorder, and ACEs were the strongest correlates of suicide attempts. Only 35.5% of veterans with current suicidal ideation were engaged in mental health treatment, with veterans who used the US Veterans Administration (VA) as their primary source of health care more than twice as likely as VA non-users to be engaged in such treatment (54.7% vs 23.8%). Conclusions: Suicidal behaviors are highly prevalent among US veterans, particularly among young veterans. Results suggest that nearly two-thirds of veterans with current suicidal ideation are not engaged in mental health treatment, signaling the need for enhanced suicide prevention and outreach efforts.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1555-2101\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nichter, Brandon\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Norman, Sonya B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hill, Melanie L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Straus, Elizabeth\par }
{\f1\fs22 Haller, Moira\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pietrzak, Robert H\par }
{\f1\fs22 P30 AG021342/AG/NIA NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/08/13\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Clin Psychiatry. 2021 Aug 10;82(5):20m13714. doi: 10.4088/JCP.20m13714.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, California.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Corresponding author: Brandon Nichter, PhD, Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, CA, 92093 (bnichter@ucsd.edu).\par }
{\f1\fs22 VA San Diego Healthcare System, San Diego, California.\par }
{\f1\fs22 National Center for PTSD, White River Junction, Vermont.\par }
{\f1\fs22 VA Center of Excellence for Stress and Mental Health, San Diego, California.\par }
{\f1\fs22 National Center for PTSD, VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven, Connecticut.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Yale University School of Medicine, New Haven, Connecticut.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Nock, M. K.\line %A Han, G.\line %A Millner, A. J.\line %A Gutierrez, P. M.\line %A Joiner, T. E.\line %A Hwang, I.\line %A King, A.\line %A Naifeh, J. A.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Zaslavsky, A. M.\line %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Patterns and predictors of persistence of suicide ideation: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Abnorm Psychol\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 127\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 7\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 650-658\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Oct\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Patterns and predictors of persistence of suicide ideation: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0021-843X (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0021-843x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1037/abn0000379\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 Conflict of Interest: Dr. Stein has in the past three years been a consultant for Actelion, Dart Neuroscience, Healthcare Management Technologies, Janssen, Oxeia Biopharmaceuticals, Pfizer, Resilience Therapeutics, and Tonix Pharmaceuticals. In the past 3 years, Dr. Kessler received support for his epidemiological studies from Sanofi Aventis; was a consultant for Johnson & Johnson Wellness and Prevention, Sage, Shire, Takeda; and served on an advisory board for the Johnson & Johnson Services Inc. Lake Nona Life Project. Kessler is a co-owner of DataStat, Inc., a market research firm that carries out healthcare research. The remaining authors have no financial disclosures.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC6836677\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS1057128\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 30335437\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Age Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Panic Disorder/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Retrospective Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sex Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Persistent suicide ideation (SI) is known to be a risk factor for subsequent suicidal behaviors. Reducing SI persistence among people with a history of SI consequently might be a useful target for preventive intervention; however, basic information is lacking about patterns and predictors of SI persistence. We report preliminary retrospective data on annual SI persistence in a representative sample of 3,501 U.S. Army soldiers with lifetime SI from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS). Reports about age-of-onset and number of years with SI were used to estimate two definitions of persistence: persistence beyond year-of-onset and proportional annual persistence (i.e., percentage of years with SI since year-of-onset). Results revealed that for 47.8% of respondents with lifetime SI, their SI did not persist beyond the year-of-onset. For the 52.2% whose SI did persist beyond the year-of-onset, the median (interquartile range) proportional annual persistence was 33% (17-67%). Significant predictors of increased persistence were different for respondents with preenlistment SI onset (prior histories of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder [ADHD], bipolar disorder, and panic disorder) and postenlistment SI onset (male, combat support military occupation specialty, prior histories of ADHD, panic disorder, and posttraumatic stress disorder). These predictors of persistence are different from the predictors of SI onset, suggesting that secondary preventive interventions to reduce SI persistence may need to focus on different factors than primary preventive interventions to reduce SI onset. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2018 APA, all rights reserved).\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1939-1846\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nock, Matthew K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Han, Georges\par }
{\f1\fs22 Millner, Alexander J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gutierrez, Peter M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Joiner, Thomas E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hwang, Irving\par }
{\f1\fs22 King, Andrew\par }
{\f1\fs22 Naifeh, James A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0001-7248-3054\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zaslavsky, Alan M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2018/10/20\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Abnorm Psychol. 2018 Oct;127(7):650-658. doi: 10.1037/abn0000379.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6836677/pdf/nihms-1057128.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3575117922/Nock-2018-Patterns and predictors of persisten.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychology, Harvard University.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Neurosurgery, Medical College of Wisconsin.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Denver Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Rocky Mountain Mental Illness Research, Education, and Clinical Center.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Florida State University.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Department of Psychiatry, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Departments of Psychiatry and Family and Preventive Medicine, University of California, San Diego.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Nock, M. K.\line %A Millner, A. J.\line %A Joiner, T. E.\line %A Gutierrez, P. M.\line %A Han, G.\line %A Hwang, I.\line %A King, A.\line %A Naifeh, J. A.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Zaslavsky, A. M.\line %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Risk factors for the transition from suicide ideation to suicide attempt: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Abnorm Psychol\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 127\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 139-149\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Risk factors for the transition from suicide ideation to suicide attempt: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0021-843X (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0021-843x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1037/abn0000317\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC5851467\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS908948\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 29528668\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 ROC Curve\par }
{\f1\fs22 Retrospective Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*prevention & control/*psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Prior research has shown that most known risk factors for suicide attempts in the general population actually predict suicide ideation rather than attempts among ideators. Yet clinical interest in predicting suicide attempts often involves the evaluation of risk among patients with ideation. We examined a number of characteristics of suicidal thoughts hypothesized to predict incident attempts in a retrospective analysis of lifetime ideators (N = 3,916) drawn from a large (N = 29,982), representative sample of United States Army soldiers. The most powerful predictors of first nonfatal lifetime suicide attempt in a multivariate model controlling for previously known predictors (e.g., demographics, mental disorders) were: recent onset of ideation, presence and recent onset of a suicide plan, low controllability of suicidal thoughts, extreme risk-taking or "tempting fate," and failure to answer questions about the characteristics of one's suicidal thoughts. A predictive model using these risk factors had strong accuracy (area under the curve [AUC] = .93), with 66.2% of all incident suicide attempts occurring among the 5% of soldiers with highest composite predicted risk. This high concentration of risk in this retrospective study suggests that a useful clinical decision support model could be constructed from prospective data to identify those with highest risk of subsequent suicide attempt. (PsycINFO Database Record\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1939-1846\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nock, Matthew K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Millner, Alexander J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Joiner, Thomas E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gutierrez, Peter M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Han, Georges\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hwang, Irving\par }
{\f1\fs22 King, Andrew\par }
{\f1\fs22 Naifeh, James A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zaslavsky, Alan M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Suicide Research Consortium/International\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2018/03/13\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Abnorm Psychol. 2018 Feb;127(2):139-149. doi: 10.1037/abn0000317.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5851467/pdf/nihms908948.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0946430394/Nock-2018-Risk factors for the transition from.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychology, Harvard University.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Florida State University.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Denver Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Rocky Mountain Mental Illness Research, Education, and Clinical Center.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Department of Psychiatry, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Nock, M. K.\line %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Heeringa, S. G.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Colpe, L. J.\line %A Fullerton, C. S.\line %A Hwang, I.\line %A Naifeh, J. A.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Schoenbaum, M.\line %A Zaslavsky, A. M.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Prevalence and correlates of suicidal behavior among soldiers: results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B JAMA Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 71\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 5\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 514-22\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 May\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Prevalence and correlates of suicidal behavior among soldiers: results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 2168-622X (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 2168-622x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2014.30\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 Conflict of Interest Disclosures: In the past 5 years, Dr Kessler has been a consultant for Eli Lilly, GlaxoSmithKline, Integrated Benefits Institute, Ortho-McNeil Janssen Scientific Affairs, Pfizer, sanofi-aventis, Shire US, and Transcept Pharmaceuticals and has served on advisory boards for Johnson & Johnson. Dr Kessler received research support for his epidemiological studies during this period from Eli Lilly, EPI-Q, GlaxoSmithKline, Ortho-McNeil Janssen Scientific Affairs, sanofi-aventis, Shire US, and Walgreens. Dr Kessler owns a 25% share in DataSta. In the last 3 years, Dr Stein has been a consultant for Healthcare Management Technologies and received research support for pharmacological imaging studies from Janssen. No other disclosures were reported.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC4100464\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS591914\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 24590178\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Afghan Campaign 2001-\par }
{\f1\fs22 Age of Onset\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health Surveys\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Internal-External Control\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Iraq War, 2003-2011\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Disorders/epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/*psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sex Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Statistics as Topic\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X IMPORTANCE: The suicide rate among US Army soldiers has increased substantially in recent years. OBJECTIVES: To estimate the lifetime prevalence and sociodemographic, Army career, and psychiatric predictors of suicidal behaviors among nondeployed US Army soldiers. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: A representative cross-sectional survey of 5428 nondeployed soldiers participating in a group self-administered survey. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Lifetime suicidal ideation, suicide plans, and suicide attempts. RESULTS: The lifetime prevalence estimates of suicidal ideation, suicide plans, and suicide attempts are 13.9%, 5.3%, and 2.4%. Most reported cases (47.0%-58.2%) had pre-enlistment onsets. Pre-enlistment onset rates were lower than in a prior national civilian survey (with imputed/simulated age at enlistment), whereas post-enlistment onsets of ideation and plans were higher, and post-enlistment first attempts were equivalent to civilian rates. Most reported onsets of plans and attempts among ideators (58.3%-63.3%) occur within the year of onset of ideation. Post-enlistment attempts are positively related to being a woman (with an odds ratio [OR] of 3.3 [95% CI, 1.5-7.5]), lower rank (OR\u8201?=\u8201?5.8 [95% CI, 1.8-18.1]), and previously deployed (OR\u8201?=\u8201?2.4-3.7) and are negatively related to being unmarried (OR\u8201?=\u8201?0.1-0.8) and assigned to Special Operations Command (OR\u8201?=\u8201?0.0 [95% CI, 0.0-0.0]). Five mental disorders predict post-enlistment first suicide attempts in multivariate analysis: pre-enlistment panic disorder (OR\u8201?=\u8201?0.1 [95% CI, 0.0-0.8]), pre-enlistment posttraumatic stress disorder (OR\u8201?=\u8201?0.1 [95% CI, 0.0-0.7]), post-enlistment depression (OR\u8201?=\u8201?3.8 [95% CI, 1.2-11.6]), and both pre- and post-enlistment intermittent explosive disorder (OR\u8201?=\u8201?3.7-3.8). Four of these 5 ORs (posttraumatic stress disorder is the exception) predict ideation, whereas only post-enlistment intermittent explosive disorder predicts attempts among ideators. The population-attributable risk proportions of lifetime mental disorders predicting post-enlistment suicide attempts are 31.3% for pre-enlistment onset disorders, 41.2% for post-enlistment onset disorders, and 59.9% for all disorders. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: The fact that approximately one-third of post-enlistment suicide attempts are associated with pre-enlistment mental disorders suggests that pre-enlistment mental disorders might be targets for early screening and intervention. The possibility of higher fatality rates among Army suicide attempts than among civilian suicide attempts highlights the potential importance of means control (ie, restricting access to lethal means [such as firearms]) as a suicide prevention strategy.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 2168-6238\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nock, Matthew K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Heeringa, Steven G\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Colpe, Lisa J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fullerton, Carol S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hwang, Irving\par }
{\f1\fs22 Naifeh, James A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Schoenbaum, Michael\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zaslavsky, Alan M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Army STARRS Collaborators\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2014/03/05\par }
{\f1\fs22 JAMA Psychiatry. 2014 May;71(5):514-22. doi: 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2014.30.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapsychiatry/articlepdf/1835339/yoi140005.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2236800562/Nock-2014-Prevalence and correlates of suicida.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Thesis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Noriega, Monica Alejandra\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Trauma and resilience among Latinx girls: A mixed methods exploration of positive adaptations for trauma and healing (PATH)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I ProQuest Information & Learning\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 82\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Trauma and resilience among Latinx girls: A mixed methods exploration of positive adaptations for trauma and healing (PATH)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2021-61330-078\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K PATH\par }
{\f1\fs22 Latinx girls\par }
{\f1\fs22 Positive Adaptations for Trauma and Healing group therapy model\par }
{\f1\fs22 trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Caregivers\par }
{\f1\fs22 Posttraumatic Stress Disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Latinos/Latinas\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Latinx adolescent girls are subjected to some of the highest rates of physical, emotional, and sexual violence in the world. Cumulative trauma exposure and limited access to treatment have been linked to negative health outcomes including suicidal ideation, self-injurious behaviors, and risk-taking behaviors for adolescents. As such, there is a great need for treatments that are culturally-relevant and trauma-informed. While there is a growing body of research about Latinx-focused evidence-based practices (EBPs), few have conducted rigorous studies on bilingual trauma-focused therapy within an integrated healthcare setting with Latinx adolescent girls. The present study measures the efficacy of multi-family group therapy in reducing trauma symptomatology and increasing resilience among adolescent Latinx girls. Positive Adaptations for Trauma and Healing (PATH; Hoskins, Duncan, Moskowitz, & Ord\u244?nez, 2017) is a manualized 10-week multi-family group therapy model for Latinx girls in English and Spanish, along with their Spanish-speaking caregivers. This study examined quantitative and qualitative data collected from 12 Latinx families. At pre-intervention, Latinx girls endorsed more Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) symptoms within the At-Risk range on the posttraumatic stress (PTS) subscale of the Trauma Symptom Checklist for Children. At post-intervention, Latinx girls reported a reduction in the severity of PTSD symptoms, which fell within the Normal range (M = 49.08, SD = 8.94). The reduction in PTSD symptomatology from pre- to post-intervention (M = 7.75, 95% CI 0.29, 15.21) was statistically significant. In addition, caregivers reported a reduction in caregiver stress on the Stress Index for Parents of Adolescents (SIPA) after participating in the PATH-model (Mdiff = 6, p = 0.043). Post-intervention group interviews with caregivers and youth were transcribed and analyzed using an Interpretative Phenomenological Analysis (IPA). Ten themes and three domains were derived from youth interviews. Similarly, 11 themes and three domains were derived from caregiver interviews. Domains included: 1) Parent-child Relationship; 2) Self-concept; and 3) Group process. Clinical applications and linkages to contemporary literature on trauma psychology and attachment-based treatments are discussed. Areas of convergence and divergence between quantitative and qualitative findings are also discussed. Identified limitations to the present study and areas for future research are also described. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 2021-61330-078. Other Journal Title: Dissertation Abstracts International. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Noriega, Monica Alejandra; The Wright Institute, Psychology, US. Release Date: 20210809. Publication Type: Dissertation Abstract (0400). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Dissertation. Dissertation Number: AAI28616596. ISBN: 979-8738624049. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Caregivers; Posttraumatic Stress Disorder; Resilience (Psychological); Trauma; Latinos/Latinas. Classification: Health & Mental Health Treatment & Prevention (3300); General Psychology (2100). Population: Human (10); Female (40). Location: US. Age Group: Adolescence (13-17 yrs) (200). Methodology: Empirical Study; Interview; Qualitative Study; Quantitative Study.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2021-61330-078&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Norlander, Torsten\line %A Von Schedvin, Helena\line %A Archer, Trevor\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2005\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Thriving as a function of affective personality: Relation to personality factors, coping strategies and stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Anxiety, Stress & Coping: An International Journal\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 18\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 105-116\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Thriving as a function of affective personality: Relation to personality factors, coping strategies and stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1061-5806\par }
{\f1\fs22 1477-2205\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/10615800500093777\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2005-06328-002\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K affective personality\par }
{\f1\fs22 posttraumatic growth\par }
{\f1\fs22 coping strategies\par }
{\f1\fs22 stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 negative life events\par }
{\f1\fs22 thriving\par }
{\f1\fs22 personality types\par }
{\f1\fs22 Coping Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Life Experiences\par }
{\f1\fs22 Personality Traits\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotional Trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The aim of the present study was to assess whether or not there existed an association between different types of affective personality and posttraumatic growth. Ninety individuals, 46 food product employees and 44 flying squad policemen, responded to Positive and Negative Affect Scales (PANAS) and Posttraumatic Growth Inventory (PTGI). The results indicated a greater 'thriving' ability by the High Affective personality type (high PA and high NA) compared with the Self-destructive (low PA and high NA) and Low affective (low PA and low NA) types. The Self-actualizing (high PA and low NA) showed an intermediary response. Furthermore, a trend test presented a continuum describing affective personality and PTGI (i.e., from lowest to highest level: Self-destructive-Low affective-Self-actualizing- High affective). There was no significant difference between the flying squad policemen and the food product employees in regard to PTGI. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Karlstad University, Sweden, Sweden. Release Date: 20050627. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Coping Behavior; Life Experiences; Personality Traits; Resilience (Psychological); Stress. Minor Descriptor: Emotional Trauma. Classification: Personality Traits & Processes (3120). Population: Human (10); Male (30). Location: Sweden. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300). Tests & Measures: Positive affect and Negative affect Scales; Posttraumatic growth inventory test; Change-stability; Stress and Energy test; COPE-Inventory test. Methodology: Empirical Study; Longitudinal Study; Quantitative Study. References Available: Y. Page Count: 12. Issue Publication Date: Jun, 2005.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2005-06328-002&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 Torsten.Norlander@kau.se\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Norlander, Torsten, Department of Psychology, Karlstad University, SE-651 88, Karlstad, Sweden\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Nrugham, L.\line %A Holen, A.\line %A Sund, A. M.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2010\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Associations between attempted suicide, violent life events, depressive symptoms, and resilience in adolescents and young adults\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Nerv Ment Dis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 198\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 131-6\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Associations between attempted suicide, violent life events, depressive symptoms, and resilience in adolescents and young adults\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0022-3018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1097/NMD.0b013e3181cc43a2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 20145488\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depressive Disorder/diagnosis/*epidemiology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Life Change Events\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prevalence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Violence/*psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Were violent/nonviolent traumatic life events and victimization by/witnessing violence associates of attempted suicide among depressed adolescents who were also less resilient at early adulthood? The present study examined a subset of mainly depressed, age- and gender-matched, adolescents derived from a representative sample of 2464 students (T1, mean age = 13.7 years) followed up after 1 year (T2Q) and reassessed 5 years later (T3, n = 252, mean age = 20.0 years, 73% participation), with a questionnaire, including the Connor-Davidson Resilience Scale and The Kiddie-Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia-Present and Lifetime version psychiatric interviews, which also tapped traumatic life events. Logistic regression analyses revealed that attempters were victims, not witnesses of violence, more depressed, and less resilient than nonattempters, and that resilience was a moderator of lifetime violent events and attempted suicide, even in the presence of antecedent depression.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1539-736x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nrugham, Latha\par }
{\f1\fs22 Holen, Are\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sund, Anne Mari\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2010/02/11\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Nerv Ment Dis. 2010 Feb;198(2):131-6. doi: 10.1097/NMD.0b013e3181cc43a2.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ National Centre for Suicide Research and Prevention, Department of Psychiatry, University of Oslo, 0372 Oslo, Norway. latha.nrugham@medisin.uio.no\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A O'Connor, D. B.\line %A Branley-Bell, D.\line %A Green, J. A.\line %A Ferguson, E.\line %A O'Carroll, R. E.\line %A O'Connor, R. C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience and vulnerability factors influence the cortisol awakening response in individuals vulnerable to suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Psychiatr Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 142\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 312-320\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20210811\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Oct\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience and vulnerability factors influence the cortisol awakening response in individuals vulnerable to suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0022-3956\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jpsychires.2021.08.006\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 34419751\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Circadian Rhythm\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Hydrocortisone\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hypothalamo-Hypophyseal System\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pituitary-Adrenal System\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Saliva\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Allostatic load\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cortisol awakening response\par }
{\f1\fs22 Impulsivity\par }
{\f1\fs22 Perfectionism\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 Worry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Suicide is a global health issue. Dysregulated hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis activity, as measured by cortisol levels, has been identified as one potential risk factor. Evidence is emerging to suggest that different psychological factors may be associated with increased resilience and vulnerability in this context. The current study investigated whether trait resilience, social support, socially prescribed perfectionism, trait worry and trait impulsivity influenced the cortisol awakening response (CAR) over a 7-day study in individuals vulnerable to suicide. 142 participants with a history of suicidal attempt or ideation (suicide vulnerability group; n\u160?=\u160?95) and with no suicide risk history (control group; n\u160?=\u160?47) were recruited. Participants completed baseline questionnaires before commencing a 7-day study where they provided cortisol samples immediately upon waking, at 15\u160?min, 30\u160?min and 45\u160?min on 7 consecutive days. Higher worry, socially prescribed perfectionism and impulsivity, lower resilience and social support were found in the suicide vulnerability group compared to the control group. Lower levels of resilience, higher levels of socially prescribed perfectionism, worry and impulsivity were associated with significantly lower total CAR. Suicide group membership was also found to have an indirect effect on total CAR via trait worry. The current findings show for the first time, that these well-known psychological risk factors for suicide are associated with smaller total cortisol awakening responses. Researchers ought to elucidate the precise causal mechanisms linking these traits, CAR and suicide risk in order to develop interventions to help build resilience in vulnerable populations.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1879-1379\par }
{\f1\fs22 O'Connor, Daryl B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Branley-Bell, Dawn\par }
{\f1\fs22 Green, Jessica A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ferguson, Eamonn\par }
{\f1\fs22 O'Carroll, Ronan E\par }
{\f1\fs22 O'Connor, Rory C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/08/23\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Psychiatr Res. 2021 Oct;142:312-320. doi: 10.1016/j.jpsychires.2021.08.006. Epub 2021 Aug 11.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ School of Psychology, University of Leeds, Leeds, UK. Electronic address: d.b.oconnor@leeds.ac.uk.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Northumbria University, Newcastle, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Psychology, University of Leeds, Leeds, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Psychology, University of Nottingham, Nottingham, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Division of Psychology, University of Stirling, Stirling, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Behavior Research Laboratory, Institute of Health & Wellbeing, University of Glasgow, Glasgow, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A O'Connor, Daryl B.\line %A Branley-Bell, Dawn\line %A Green, Jessica A.\line %A Ferguson, Eamonn\line %A O'Carroll, Ronan E.\line %A O'Connor, Rory C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience and vulnerability factors influence the cortisol awakening response in individuals vulnerable to suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Journal of Psychiatric Research\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 142\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 312-320\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience and vulnerability factors influence the cortisol awakening response in individuals vulnerable to suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0022-3956\par }
{\f1\fs22 1879-1379\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jpsychires.2021.08.006\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2021-83982-043\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Perfectionism\par }
{\f1\fs22 Impulsivity\par }
{\f1\fs22 Worry\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 Allostatic load\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cortisol awakening response\par }
{\f1\fs22 Anxiety\par }
{\f1\fs22 Impulsiveness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hydrocortisone\par }
{\f1\fs22 Susceptibility (Disorders)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Suicide is a global health issue. Dysregulated hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis activity, as measured by cortisol levels, has been identified as one potential risk factor. Evidence is emerging to suggest that different psychological factors may be associated with increased resilience and vulnerability in this context. The current study investigated whether trait resilience, social support, socially prescribed perfectionism, trait worry and trait impulsivity influenced the cortisol awakening response (CAR) over a 7-day study in individuals vulnerable to suicide. 142 participants with a history of suicidal attempt or ideation (suicide vulnerability group; n = 95) and with no suicide risk history (control group; n = 47) were recruited. Participants completed baseline questionnaires before commencing a 7-day study where they provided cortisol samples immediately upon waking, at 15 min, 30 min and 45 min on 7 consecutive days. Higher worry, socially prescribed perfectionism and impulsivity, lower resilience and social support were found in the suicide vulnerability group compared to the control group. Lower levels of resilience, higher levels of socially prescribed perfectionism, worry and impulsivity were associated with significantly lower total CAR. Suicide group membership was also found to have an indirect effect on total CAR via trait worry. The current findings show for the first time, that these well-known psychological risk factors for suicide are associated with smaller total cortisol awakening responses. Researchers ought to elucidate the precise causal mechanisms linking these traits, CAR and suicide risk in order to develop interventions to help build resilience in vulnerable populations. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z School of Psychology, University of Leeds, Leeds, United Kingdom. Release Date: 20211011. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Anxiety; Impulsiveness; Resilience (Psychological); Suicide; Cortisol Awakening Response. Minor Descriptor: Hydrocortisone; Perfectionism; Susceptibility (Disorders). Classification: Behavior Disorders & Antisocial Behavior (3230). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: United Kingdom. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300); Young Adulthood (18-29 yrs) (320); Thirties (30-39 yrs) (340); Middle Age (40-64 yrs) (360). Tests & Measures: ENRICHD Social Support Inventory; Barrett Impulsiveness Scale; Brief Resilience Scale DOI: 10.1037/t51423-000; Penn State Worry Questionnaire DOI: 10.1037/t01760-000; Multidimensional Perfectionism Scale; Self-Injurious Thoughts and Behaviors Interview DOI: 10.1037/t03674-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. Supplemental Data: Experimental Materials Internet; Tables and Figures Internet. References Available: Y. Page Count: 9. Issue Publication Date: Oct, 2021. Publication History: First Posted Date: Aug 11, 2021; Accepted Date: Aug 9, 2021; Revised Date: Jun 16, 2021; First Submitted Date: Mar 2, 2021. Copyright Statement: All rights reserved. Elsevier Ltd. 2021.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: US Department of Defense, US. Grant: W81XWH-12-1-0007. Recipients: No recipient indicated\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2021-83982-043&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0003-0105-5495\par }
{\f1\fs22 d.b.oconnor@leeds.ac.uk\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ O'Connor, Daryl B., School of Psychology, University of Leeds, Leeds, United Kingdom\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A O'Donnell, L.\line %A O'Donnell, C.\line %A Wardlaw, D. M.\line %A Stueve, A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2004\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Risk and resiliency factors influencing suicidality among urban African American and Latino youth\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Am J Community Psychol\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 33\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1-2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 37-49\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Risk and resiliency factors influencing suicidality among urban African American and Latino youth\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0091-0562 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0091-0562\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1023/b:ajcp.0000014317.20704.0b\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 15055753\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adaptation, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 African Americans/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family Characteristics/ethnology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health Surveys\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hispanic or Latino/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 New York City/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Psychology, Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk-Taking\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sex Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sexual Behavior/ethnology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Environment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*ethnology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Urban Population/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Vulnerable Populations/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X For decades, suicide rates among minority African American and Latino young people have been stable and, when compared with Whites, relatively low. This is no longer the case, underscoring the need for documenting and understanding the problem of suicidality in this population. We report on the prevalence and predictors of suicidality among 879 urban adolescents in the Reach for Health study. All youth resided in economically disadvantaged neighborhoods; 69% were African American, 16% Latino, and 15% reported mixed or other ethnicity. In the past year, 15% had seriously considered suicide; 13% had made a suicide plan, 11% had attempted suicide at least once, and 4% reported multiple attempts. Risk factors significantly related to suicidal ideation are being female, having basic needs unmet, engaging in same-gender sex, and depression. Resiliency factors include family closeness and, marginally, religiosity. Risk factors related to reports of suicide attempts are being female, being Hispanic, and depression; family closeness is strong resiliency factor. Family composition, ethnic identity, coping style, peer support, and school attachment are not significant correlates of suicidal ideation or attempts.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z O'Donnell, Lydia\par }
{\f1\fs22 O'Donnell, Carl\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wardlaw, Dana Meritt\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stueve, Ann\par }
{\f1\fs22 R01/HD35378/HD/NICHD NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 R49/CCR115605/CC/ODCDC CDC HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2004/04/02\par }
{\f1\fs22 Am J Community Psychol. 2004 Mar;33(1-2):37-49. doi: 10.1023/b:ajcp.0000014317.20704.0b.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://link.springer.com/article/10.1023/b:ajcp.0000014317.20704.0b\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Education Development Center, Inc., Newton, Massachusetts 02458, USA. lodonnell@edc.org\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Okechukwu, F. O.\line %A Ogba, K. T. U.\line %A Nwufo, J. I.\line %A Ogba, M. O.\line %A Onyekachi, B. N.\line %A Nwanosike, C. I.\line %A Onyishi, A. B.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Academic stress and suicidal ideation: moderating roles of coping style and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B BMC Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 22\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 546\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20220812\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Aug 12\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Academic stress and suicidal ideation: moderating roles of coping style and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1471-244x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1186/s12888-022-04063-2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 We declare that our study was carried out successfully without any relationships that would be understood as a potential conflict of or competing interest.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC9373522\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 35962365\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K *Adaptation, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Universities\par }
{\f1\fs22 Academic stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 Coping\par }
{\f1\fs22 Moderation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: As a global phenomenon, suicide has generated a lot of concern. Scholars from various fields have conducted extensive research on the prevalence, causes, factors, and/or management or possible solutions to suicidal ideation. Despite the research efforts, suicidal cases worldwide still yell for more empirical attention. No doubt that some of the extant literature have specifically evidenced the causal links and factors in suicidal ideation. Yet, none had focused on the moderating roles of coping and resilience in an academic population. We therefore, examined the moderating roles of coping and resilience in the relationship between academic stress and suicidal ideation. METHOD: We used a cross-sectional design to sample 505 participants (329 males and 176 females) from three southern Nigerian universities. Participants who willingly indicated their participatory consent were administered a paper self-report questionnaire containing the Lakaev Academic Stress Response Scale (LASRS), Scale for Suicidal Ideation (SSI), Brief COPE (B-COPE), and Resilience Scale (RS-14). Hierarchical regression analysis was used to test the hypotheses of the study. Academic stress (r\u8201?=\u8201?0.17; p.001) was found to be positively associated with suicidal ideation, whereas resilience (r\u8201?=\u8201?-.22; p.001) was found to be negatively associated with suicidal ideation. Suicidal ideation had no significant correlation with adaptive coping style, but it did have a significant correlation with maladaptive coping (r\u8201?=\u8201?.15; p.001). The regression-based PROCESS macro showed that academic stress was a significant predictor of coping [\u916?R(2)\u8201?=\u8201?.03, F (1, 502)\u160?=\u160?16.18, p\u8201?=\u8201?.01]. Academic stress was positively associated with suicidal ideation at low or moderate levels of adaptive coping styles. At high levels of adaptive coping styles, the association between academic stress and suicidal ideation was not significant. However, resilience negatively predicted suicidal ideation [R\u8201?=\u8201?.29, (R(2)\u8201?=\u8201?.08), F(1, 499)\u8201?=\u8201?19.94, p\u8201?=\u8201?.00] with academic stress showing a positive association with suicidal ideation at low and moderate levels of resilience, but for those with high resilience, academic stress was not associated with suicidal ideation. In sum, suicidal ideation is heightened by increased academic stress, with greater resilience ameliorating the tendency of academic stress resulting in suicidal ideation. Also, adopting maladaptive ways of coping promotes suicidal ideation among students, with resilience and adaptive coping strategies moderating the relationship between academic stress and suicidal ideation. It is therefore recommended that educational administrators, policy makers, lecturers, teachers, and tutors incorporate courses, teachings, and sessions that foster as well as inculcate resilience and efficient coping skills in pupils and students.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1471-244x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Okechukwu, Franca Obiageli\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ogba, Kalu T U\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nwufo, Juliet I\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ogba, Miracle Oluchi\par }
{\f1\fs22 Onyekachi, Blessing Nneka\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nwanosike, Chinonso I\par }
{\f1\fs22 Onyishi, Amuche B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2022/08/13\par }
{\f1\fs22 BMC Psychiatry. 2022 Aug 12;22(1):546. doi: 10.1186/s12888-022-04063-2.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9373522/pdf/12888_2022_Article_4063.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://4258280436/Okechukwu-2022-Academic stress and suicidal id.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Home Science and Management, University of Nigeria, Nsukka, Nigeria.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychology Department, University of Nigeria, Nsukka, Nigeria. kalu.ogba@unn.edu.ng.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychology Department, University of Nigeria, Nsukka, Nigeria.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Faculty of Law, Abia State University, Uturu, Umuahia, Nigeria.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Ong, E.\line %A Thompson, C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The Importance of Coping and Emotion Regulation in the Occurrence of Suicidal Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychol Rep\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 122\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1192-1210\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20180621\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Aug\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The Importance of Coping and Emotion Regulation in the Occurrence of Suicidal Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0033-2941 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0033-2941\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1177/0033294118781855\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC6628463\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 29929434\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adaptation, Psychological/*physiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Affect\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cognition/physiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotional Regulation/*physiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hong Kong\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotion regulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 cognitive reappraisal\par }
{\f1\fs22 coping\par }
{\f1\fs22 expressive suppression\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicidal behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Research has shown that the use of maladaptive coping strategies and difficulties in regulating mood are linked to increasing risk of suicide. This study measured the impact of coping and emotion regulation on suicidal behavior in a sample of Asian students. The aim was to determine whether different coping strategies and methods of expressive suppression and cognitive reappraisal would be associated with suicidal behavior. One hundred and twenty undergraduate students were recruited from The Open University in Hong Kong and all completed questionnaires that measured coping, emotional regulation, and suicidal behavior. The results showed that increased avoidance coping was associated with increased suicidal behavior, whereas increased cognitive reappraisal was associated with reduced risk of suicidal behavior. Specifically, in an Asian student population, avoidance coping appears to be a risk factor for suicide, while cognitive reappraisal may be seen as a positive, protecting strategy.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1558-691x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ong, Elsie\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-1676-4913\par }
{\f1\fs22 Thompson, Catherine\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2018/06/23\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychol Rep. 2019 Aug;122(4):1192-1210. doi: 10.1177/0033294118781855. Epub 2018 Jun 21.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/0033294118781855\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3161344102/Ong-2019-The Importance of Coping and Emotion.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ School of Health Sciences, University of Salford, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Osman, A.\line %A Gutierrez, P. M.\line %A Muehlenkamp, J. J.\line %A Dix-Richardson, F.\line %A Barrios, F. X.\line %A Kopper, B. A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2004\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Suicide Resilience Inventory-25: development and preliminary psychometric properties\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychol Rep\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 94\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3 Pt 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1349-60\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jun\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Suicide Resilience Inventory-25: development and preliminary psychometric properties\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0033-2941 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0033-2941\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.2466/pr0.94.3c.1349-1360\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 15362416\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adaptation, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Age Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Defense Mechanisms\par }
{\f1\fs22 Factor Analysis, Statistical\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Internal-External Control\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Personality Inventory/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychometrics/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Reference Values\par }
{\f1\fs22 Reproducibility of Results\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/prevention & control/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/prevention & control/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X This manuscript describes the development of the Suicide Resilience Inventory-25, used to assess factors that help defend against suicidal thoughts and behaviors. We used multiple sources to generate and evaluate initial items (Study 1), then conducted an iterated principal-axis factor analysis with data from a combined sample of 540 adolescents and young adults. This identified three correlated factors, named Internal Protective, Emotional Stability, and External Protective. Estimated alpha for the total inventory and scales was high (.90 to .95). In Study 1, scores on the inventory significantly differentiated between the responses of adolescents and young adults, In Study 2, the inventory scores significantly differentiated between participants who reported (a) no prior suicide thoughts or attempts (145 men and 153 women), (b) brief suicidal thoughts (55 men and 110 women), and (c) prior suicide plans or attempts (22 men and 55 women). Results of the two studies suggest the inventory is useful for assessing the construct of suicide resilience in terms of these three operationally defined dimensions.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Osman, Augustine\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gutierrez, Peter M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Muehlenkamp, Jennifer J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dix-Richardson, Felicia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Barrios, Francisco X\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kopper, Beverly A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2004/09/15\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychol Rep. 2004 Jun;94(3 Pt 2):1349-60. doi: 10.2466/pr0.94.3c.1349-1360.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.2466/pr0.94.3c.1349-1360?url_ver=Z39.88-2003&rfr_id=ori:rid:crossref.org&rfr_dat=cr_pub%3dpubmed\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ University of Northern Iowa, Department of Psychology, Cedar Falls, 50614-0505, USA. augustine.osman@uni.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Papadopoulou, A.\line %A Efstathiou, V.\line %A Yotsidi, V.\line %A Pomini, V.\line %A Michopoulos, I.\line %A Markopoulou, E.\line %A Papadopoulou, M.\line %A Tsigkaropoulou, E.\line %A Kalemi, G.\line %A Tournikioti, K.\line %A Douzenis, A.\line %A Gournellis, R.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Suicidal ideation during COVID-19 lockdown in Greece: Prevalence in the community, risk and protective factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychiatry Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 297\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 113713\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20210106\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Suicidal ideation during COVID-19 lockdown in Greece: Prevalence in the community, risk and protective factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-1781\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.psychres.2021.113713\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 33450472\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Anxiety/*epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 COVID-19/*epidemiology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Communicable Disease Control\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/*epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Greece/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pandemics\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prevalence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Protective Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 SARS-CoV-2\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress, Psychological/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Covid-19\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Greece\par }
{\f1\fs22 Online survey\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The aim of this study was to investigate the prevalence of suicidal ideation in the community as well as the risk and protective factors of suicidal ideation during restriction measures in Greece, after the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. \u913? web-based anonymous survey was conducted during the first lockdown period. Participants completed the Generalized Anxiety Disorder scale (GAD-2), the Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-2), the Systemic Clinical Outcome and Routine Evaluation (SCORE-15), the Connor-Davidson Resilience Scale (CD-RISK-2), and a self-report questionnaire for COVID-19 pandemic-related data. From a total of 5,116 adults included in the study, 5.20% reported suicidal thoughts, 14.17% were potential clinical cases of anxiety, and 26.51% of depression. Participants presented significantly higher suicidal ideation rates during the last two weeks of the lockdown compared to its previous two weeks. Unmarried or divorced marital status, mental health history, poor perceived quality of physical health, impaired family functioning, anxiety and depression symptoms were independently associated with higher odds of suicidal ideation, whereas higher resilience, positive feelings with regard to the lockdown measures, relationship with friends, and faith in a Supreme Being were associated with lower suicidal ideation odds. According to the findings, suicidal ideation prevalence might be considered elevated and its increase during the lockdown period alarming. The risk and protective factors identified in the study offer valuable information for the development of preventive strategies against suicidal ideation, especially in times of crisis.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1872-7123\par }
{\f1\fs22 Papadopoulou, Athanasia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Efstathiou, Vasiliki\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yotsidi, Vasiliki\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pomini, Valeria\par }
{\f1\fs22 Michopoulos, Ioannis\par }
{\f1\fs22 Markopoulou, Evaggelia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Papadopoulou, Marianna\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tsigkaropoulou, Evdoxia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kalemi, Georgia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tournikioti, Kalliopi\par }
{\f1\fs22 Douzenis, Athanasios\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gournellis, Rossetos\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ireland\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/01/16\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry Res. 2021 Mar;297:113713. doi: 10.1016/j.psychres.2021.113713. Epub 2021 Jan 6.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ 2nd Department of Psychiatry, School of Medicine, National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, University General Hospital "Attikon", Greece.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Postgraduate Program "Liaison Psychiatry Intergrated Care of Physical and Mental Health", School of Medicine, National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, Greece.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, School of Social Sciences, Panteion University of Social and Political Sciences, Athens, Greece.\par }
{\f1\fs22 1st Department of Psychiatry, School of Medicine, National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, "Eginition" Hospital, Greece.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Physiotherapy, University of West Attica, Athens, Greece.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2nd Department of Psychiatry, School of Medicine, National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, University General Hospital "Attikon", Greece; Postgraduate Program "Liaison Psychiatry Intergrated Care of Physical and Mental Health", School of Medicine, National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, Greece. Electronic address: rgourn@med.uoa.gr.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A P\u233?rez P\u233?rez, Alejandra Elizabeth\line %A Rodr\u237?guez, Berenice Jim\u233?nez\line %A Arag\u243?n, Rozzana S\u225?nchez\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Sintomatolog\u237?a y resiliencia ante el acoso relacional en M\u233?xico = Symptomatology and resilience during relational harassment in M\u233?xico\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psicolog\u237?a y Salud\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 28\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 45-55\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Sintomatolog\u237?a y resiliencia ante el acoso relacional en M\u233?xico = Symptomatology and resilience during relational harassment in M\u233?xico\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1405-1109\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2018-06816-005\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K victims\par }
{\f1\fs22 stalkers\par }
{\f1\fs22 personal relationships\par }
{\f1\fs22 test development\par }
{\f1\fs22 symptomatology\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 relational harassment\par }
{\f1\fs22 validity\par }
{\f1\fs22 reliability\par }
{\f1\fs22 Harassment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Symptoms\par }
{\f1\fs22 Test Construction\par }
{\f1\fs22 Interpersonal Relationships\par }
{\f1\fs22 Crime Victims\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stalking\par }
{\f1\fs22 Test Reliability\par }
{\f1\fs22 Test Validity\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Experiencing relational harassment, through stalking, harassment, obsession, or psychological offense, has substantial effects on the lifestyle of victims. The present study aimed at validating two scales to measure symptoms and resilience to relational harassment, and to examine the differences by sex and type of relationship victims had with their stalker. Results indicate valid and reliable measures for both variables. On the one hand, psychological (emotional, anxiety, mental, social and spiritual) symptoms and other lifestyle (economic, behavioral and self-destructive) symptoms grouped together, while resilience showed a one-dimensional nature. Women expressed greater intensity in some of their symptoms but also higher spiritual resilience. Harassment effects are more intensely experienced the closer the victims\u8217? relationship with the stalker. The methodological contribution of the present study resides in the development of a valid measure, and the theoretical knowledge obtained from harassment experience in order to improve both preventive advice and treatment. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2018 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Experimentar acoso relacional, referido a conceptos tales como hostigamiento, obsesi\u243?n o violaci\u243?n psicol\u243?gica, tiene importantes efectos en diferentes aspectos de la vida de las v\u237?ctimas, por lo que esta investigaci\u243?n tuvo como objetivos validar dos escalas para medir los s\u237?ntomas y la resiliencia ante dicho acoso, y examinar asimismo las diferencias por sexo y por la relaci\u243?n que la v\u237?ctima tiene con el acosador. Los resultados indican la obtenci\u243?n de medidas v\u225?lidas y confiables para ambas variables. Por un lado, se agrupan ciertos s\u237?ntomas psicol\u243?gicos (emocionales, de ansiedad, mentales, sociales y espirituales), y por otro los s\u237?ntomas en el estilo de vida (econ\u243?micos, conductuales y autodestructivos). En el caso de la resiliencia, esta fue unidimensional. En cuanto a diferencias encontradas, las mujeres manifestaron una mayor intensidad en algunos de sus s\u237?ntomas, as\u237? como en la resiliencia espiritual. Tambi\u233?n se observ\u243? que los efectos del acoso se experimentan m\u225?s vivamente entre m\u225?s cercana es la relaci\u243?n con el acosador. As\u237?, resulta evidente la importancia de la contribuci\u243?n metodol\u243?gica de esta investigaci\u243?n, basada en el desarrollo de medidas v\u225?lidas, y el conocimiento te\u243?rico obtenido de la experiencia del acoso para as\u237? mejorar la orientaci\u243?n y el tratamiento al respecto. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2018 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Facultad de Psicologia, Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico, Ciudad de Mexico, Mexico. Release Date: 20180322. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: Spanish; CastilianMajor Descriptor: Harassment; Resilience (Psychological); Symptoms; Test Construction; Interpersonal Relationships. Minor Descriptor: Crime Victims; Stalking; Test Reliability; Test Validity. Classification: Tests & Testing (2220); Behavior Disorders & Antisocial Behavior (3230). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: Mexico. Tests & Measures: Resilience to Relational Harassment Measure; Symptoms of Relational Harassment Measure. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. References Available: Y. Page Count: 11. Issue Publication Date: Jan-Jun, 2018. Publication History: Accepted Date: Aug 28, 2017; First Submitted Date: May 22, 2017.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2018-06816-005&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 rozzara@unam.mx\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Arag\u243?n, Rozzana S\u225?nchez, Facultad de Psicologia, Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico, Av. Universidad 3004, Col. Copilco Universidad, Del. Coyoacan, 04510, Ciudad de Mexico, Mexico\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Philippe, Frederick L.\line %A Laventure, Samuel\line %A Beaulieu-Pelletier, Genevieve\line %A Lecours, Serge\line %A Lekes, Natasha\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2011\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Ego-resiliency as a mediator between childhood trauma and psychological symptoms\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 30\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 6\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 583-598\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Ego-resiliency as a mediator between childhood trauma and psychological symptoms\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0736-7236\par }
{\f1\fs22 1943-2771\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1521/jscp.2011.30.6.583\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2011-13306-003\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K psychological trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 childhood\par }
{\f1\fs22 psychological disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 functional disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 outcomes\par }
{\f1\fs22 self harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotional Trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ego\par }
{\f1\fs22 Major Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Clinical research has firmly established that individuals who experience psychological trauma during their childhood are likely to display psychological or functional disorders in adulthood. However, a significant number of adults with a history of trauma remain psychologically healthy. These individuals have been described as resilient. Although there has been much research on resilience in the past decades, the psychological processes involved are still debated. An important issue is whether resilience develops as a consequence of trauma (resilience as an outcome) or if resilience is a relatively common characteristic of many people that can emerge with or without traumatic experiences (resilience as a trait or ego-resiliency). In the present research, we propose an integration of these two perspectives by showing that ego-resiliency can play an important mediating role in the relationship between childhood trauma and psychological symptoms. A total of 118 outpatients at a psychology clinic completed questionnaires measuring their level of childhood trauma, ego-resiliency, anxiety, depression, and self-harm behaviors. Results revealed that ego-resiliency was a significant mediator of the relationship between childhood trauma and these three types of symptoms. Implications for the conceptualization of resilience as a trait are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z McGill University, Montreal, PQ, Canada. Release Date: 20110822. Correction Date: 20170116. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Print. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Emotional Trauma; Mental Disorders; Resilience (Psychological). Minor Descriptor: Ego; Major Depression; Self-Injurious Behavior. Classification: Psychological Disorders (3210). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40); Outpatient (60). Location: Canada. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300); Young Adulthood (18-29 yrs) (320); Thirties (30-39 yrs) (340); Middle Age (40-64 yrs) (360); Aged (65 yrs & older) (380). Tests & Measures: Beck Anxiety Inventory DOI: 10.1037/t02025-000; Beck Depression Inventory DOI: 10.1037/t00741-000; Ego-Resiliency Scale DOI: 10.1037/t01072-000; Self-Harm Behavior Questionnaire DOI: 10.1037/t05142-000; Childhood Trauma Questionnaire--Short Form DOI: 10.1037/t09716-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. References Available: Y. Page Count: 16. Issue Publication Date: Jun, 2011. Copyright Statement: Guilford Publications, Inc. 2011.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2011-13306-003&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 frederick.philippe@mail.mcgill.ca\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1128624954/Philippe2011.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Philippe, Frederick L., Department of Psychology, McGill University, 1205 Dr. Penfield Avenue, Montreal, PQ, Canada, H3A 1B1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Pietrzak, R. H.\line %A Russo, A. R.\line %A Ling, Q.\line %A Southwick, S. M.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2011\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Suicidal ideation in treatment-seeking Veterans of Operations Enduring Freedom and Iraqi Freedom: the role of coping strategies, resilience, and social support\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Psychiatr Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 45\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 6\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 720-6\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20101223\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jun\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Suicidal ideation in treatment-seeking Veterans of Operations Enduring Freedom and Iraqi Freedom: the role of coping strategies, resilience, and social support\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0022-3956\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jpsychires.2010.11.015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 21185033\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K *Adaptation, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Afghan Campaign 2001-\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cognition\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/complications/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Iraq War, 2003-2011\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health Services/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prevalence\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/complications/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Veterans/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Recent epidemiologic studies have found an increased risk of suicide among Veterans of Operations Enduring Freedom and Iraqi Freedom (OEF-OIF) with psychiatric disorders. However, little is known about whether variables other than psychiatric conditions, such as coping strategies, resilience, and social support, may be related to suicidality in this population. METHODS: A total of 167 OEF-OIF Veterans seeking behavioral or primary care services completed a survey containing measures of combat exposure, psychopathology, pain, psychological resilience, social support, and cognitive coping strategies. RESULTS: Thirty-six respondents (21.6%) reported contemplating suicide in the two weeks prior to completing the survey. Compared to suicide non-contemplators, suicide contemplators were older, and more likely to screen positive for depression and posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and to report a deployment-related pain condition or complaint. They also scored higher on measures of worry, self-punishment, and cognitive-behavioral avoidance strategies, and lower on measures of psychological resilience and postdeployment social support. Multivariate analysis revealed that a positive depression screen, and higher scores on measures of self-punishment and cognitive-social avoidance coping were positively associated with suicidal ideation, while higher scores on measures of psychological resilience (i.e., positive acceptance of change) were negatively related to suicidal ideation. Moderator analysis revealed that a positive screen for depression or PTSD significantly diminished the protective effect of postdeployment social support on suicidal ideation. CONCLUSIONS: 1 in 5 treatment-seeking OEF-OIF Veterans may contemplate suicide. Interventions to reduce depressive symptoms, and maladaptive cognitive-behavioral coping strategies of self-punishment and cognitive social avoidance, and to bolster psychological resilience may help mitigate suicidality in this population.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1879-1379\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pietrzak, Robert H\par }
{\f1\fs22 Russo, Amanda R\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ling, Qi\par }
{\f1\fs22 Southwick, Steven M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2010/12/28\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Psychiatr Res. 2011 Jun;45(6):720-6. doi: 10.1016/j.jpsychires.2010.11.015. Epub 2010 Dec 23.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0655814270/1-s2.0-S0022395610003419-main.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ National Center for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder, Clinical Neurosciences Division, Resilience Laboratory, VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven, CT 06516, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Pietrzak, R. H.\line %A Tracy, M.\line %A Galea, S.\line %A Kilpatrick, D. G.\line %A Ruggiero, K. J.\line %A Hamblen, J. L.\line %A Southwick, S. M.\line %A Norris, F. H.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2012\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience in the face of disaster: prevalence and longitudinal course of mental disorders following hurricane Ike\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B PLoS One\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 7\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 6\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P e38964\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20120626\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience in the face of disaster: prevalence and longitudinal course of mental disorders following hurricane Ike\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1932-6203\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1371/journal.pone.0038964\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC3383685\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 22761716\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Anxiety Disorders/epidemiology/etiology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Cyclonic Storms\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depressive Disorder/epidemiology/etiology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Disasters\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Interview, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Longitudinal Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Outcome Assessment, Health Care\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/epidemiology/etiology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Texas/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVES: Natural disasters may increase risk for a broad range of psychiatric disorders, both in the short- and in the medium-term. We sought to determine the prevalence and longitudinal course of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), panic disorder (PD), depression, and suicidality in the first 18 months after Hurricane Ike. METHODS: Six hundred fifty-eight adults representative of Galveston and Chambers Counties, Texas participated in a random, population-based survey. The initial assessment was conducted 2 to 5 months after Hurricane Ike struck Galveston Bay on September 13, 2008. Follow-up assessments were conducted at 5 to 9 and 14 to 18 months after Hurricane Ike. RESULTS: Past-month prevalence of any mental disorder (20.6% to 10.9%) and hurricane-related PTSD (6.9% to 2.5%) decreased over time. Past-month prevalence of PTSD related to a non-disaster traumatic event (5.8% to 7.1%), GAD (3.1% to 1.8%), PD (0.8% to 0.7%), depression (5.0% to 5.6%), and suicidality (2.6% to 4.2%) remained relatively stable over time. CONCLUSIONS: PTSD, both due to the hurricane and due to other traumatic events, was the most prevalent psychiatric disorder 2 to 5 months after Hurricane Ike. Prevalence of psychiatric disorders declined rapidly over time, suggesting that the vast majority of individuals exposed to this natural disaster 'bounced back' and were resilient to long-term mental health consequences of this large-scale traumatic event.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1932-6203\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pietrzak, Robert H\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tracy, Melissa\par }
{\f1\fs22 Galea, Sandro\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kilpatrick, Dean G\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ruggiero, Kenneth J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hamblen, Jessica L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Southwick, Steven M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Norris, Fran H\par }
{\f1\fs22 P30 AG021342/AG/NIA NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 P60 MH082598/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 P30AG21342/AG/NIA NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 5 P60 MH082598/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Randomized Controlled Trial\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 2012/07/05\par }
{\f1\fs22 PLoS One. 2012;7(6):e38964. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0038964. Epub 2012 Jun 26.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3383685/pdf/pone.0038964.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0923123328/Pietrzak-2012-Resilience in the face of disast.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ National Center for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder, Veterans Affairs Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven, Connecticut, United States of America. robert.pietrzak@yale.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Pi\u241?a-Watson, B.\line %A Cruz, A.\line %A Neduvelil, A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Caregiver-Child Relationship Quality as a Gateway for Suicide Risk Resilience: Don't Discount the Men in Mexican Descent Youths' Lives\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Arch Suicide Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 24\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N sup2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P S391-s402\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20190502\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Caregiver-Child Relationship Quality as a Gateway for Suicide Risk Resilience: Don't Discount the Men in Mexican Descent Youths' Lives\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1381-1118\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/13811118.2019.1598903\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 30955479\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Acculturation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Caregivers\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mexico\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide/prevention & control\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Violence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Latino adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 conflict\par }
{\f1\fs22 connection\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The purpose of the present study is to determine if connection with female (FC) and male caregivers (MC) could buffer the negative effects of intergenerational acculturative conflict (IAC) on suicide risk among Mexican descent adolescents and emerging adults. The sample included 722 Mexican descent adolescents and emerging adults (age range: 14-25\u8201?years, M\u8201?=\u8201?19.69; SD = 1.75) from a U.S. high school and public university located near the United States-Mexico border. The majority of the sample were women (65.9%) and born in the United States (92.8%). Data were collected via self-report measures. The significant findings of linear regression analyses were: 1) Higher MC-IAC was related to higher levels of past year suicide risk, while higher levels of FC and MC connection were related to lower levels; and 2) Both MC and FC connection protected youth against the negative impact of IAC on suicide risk. Results are discussed in terms of the importance of both the MC and FC relationship quality in the context of IAC on suicide risk among Latinx youth. Suggestions will be made to include both MC and FC caregivers in research, prevention, and intervention efforts.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1543-6136\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pi\u241?a-Watson, Brandy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cruz, Abigail\par }
{\f1\fs22 Neduvelil, Ashley\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/04/09\par }
{\f1\fs22 Arch Suicide Res. 2020;24(sup2):S391-S402. doi: 10.1080/13811118.2019.1598903. Epub 2019 May 2.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychological Sciences, Texas Tech University, Lubbock, TX, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Pincus, D.\line %A Eberle, K.\line %A Walder, C. S.\line %A Kemp, A. S.\line %A Lenjav, M.\line %A Sandman, C. A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The role of self-injury in behavioral flexibility and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Nonlinear Dynamics Psychol Life Sci\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 18\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 277-96\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jul\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The role of self-injury in behavioral flexibility and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1090-0578 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1090-0578\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 24894266\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Developmental Disabilities/complications/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fractals\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nonlinear Dynamics\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior/complications/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Severe and persistent self-injurious behavior (SIB) is notoriously difficult to understand and to treat. The current study used self-organization theory to investigate the possible relationship between SIB and changing levels of behavioral flexibility. Data consisted of categorical time-series of sequential behaviors from individuals with developmental disabilities and severe SIB. Orbital Decomposition was used to analyze each series for measures of structure and entropy. Overall, results showed evidence for self-organization in behavior patterns. Second, series including SIB were on average more flexible than those without SIB; while, higher numbers of SIB events (perseveration) were associated with higher behavioral rigidity and structural disintegration. Finally, there was evidence that behavioral flexibility almost always shifts reliably after a discrete bout of SIB, either increasing or decreasing in complexity. Altogether, these results may provide a deeper and more theoretically grounded understanding of the function of SIB beyond the traditional behavioral paradigm involving simple stimulus-response or response-consequence relations. Instead, some behaviors, such as SIB, may serve a resilience-making function as more global regulators of behavioral flexibility and coherence.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Pincus, David\par }
{\f1\fs22 Eberle, Kiersten\par }
{\f1\fs22 Walder, Christin S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kemp, Aaron S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lenjav, Mohammed\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sandman, Curt A\par }
{\f1\fs22 HD048947/HD/NICHD NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2014/06/05\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nonlinear Dynamics Psychol Life Sci. 2014 Jul;18(3):277-96.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3866671045/Pincusetal2014SIBproofs.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Chapman University, Orange, CA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 University of California, Irvine School of Medicine.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Pincus, D.\line %A Eberle, K.\line %A Walder, C. S.\line %A Kemp, A. S.\line %A Lenjav, M.\line %A Sandman, C. A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The Role of Self-Injury in Behavioral Flexibility and Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Nonlinear Dynamics Psychology and Life Sciences\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 18\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 277-296\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jul\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The Role of Self-Injury in Behavioral Flexibility and Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O Nonlinear Dyn. Psychol. Life Sci.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1090-0578\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000337503000003\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K self-injurious behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 orbital decomposition\par }
{\f1\fs22 nonlinear dynamics\par }
{\f1\fs22 entropy\par }
{\f1\fs22 fractal\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-organization\par }
{\f1\fs22 time patterns\par }
{\f1\fs22 harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 efficacy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mathematical Methods In Social Sciences\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Severe and persistent self-injurious behavior (SIB) is notoriously difficult to understand and to treat. The current study used self-organization theory to investigate the possible relationship between SIB and changing levels of behavioral flexibility. Data consisted of categorical time-series of sequential behaviors from individuals with developmental disabilities and severe SIB. Orbital Decomposition was used to analyze each series for measures of structure and entropy. Overall, results showed evidence for self-organization in behavior patterns. Second, series including SIB were on average more flexible than those without SIB; while, higher numbers of SIB events (perseveration) were associated with higher behavioral rigidity and structural disintegration. Finally, there was evidence that behavioral flexibility almost always shifts reliably after a discrete bout of SIB, either increasing or decreasing in complexity. Altogether, these results may provide a deeper and more theoretically grounded understanding of the function of SIB beyond the traditional behavioral paradigm involving simple stimulus-response or response-consequence relations. Instead, some behaviors, such as SIB, may serve a resilience-making function as more global regulators of behavioral flexibility and coherence.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: AJ2QG\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 12\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 43\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      [Anonymous], 1995, HOME UNIVERSE SEARCH\par }
{\f1\fs22      Attneave F., 1959, APPL INFORM THEORY P\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bak P., 2013, NATURE WORKS SCI SEL\par }
{\f1\fs22      Blindert H. D., 1995, BEHAV INTERVENT, V10, P173\par }
{\f1\fs22      Brown MZ, 2002, J ABNORM PSYCHOL, V111, P198, DOI 10.1037//0021-843X.111.1.198\par }
{\f1\fs22      DURAND VM, 1987, J APPL BEHAV ANAL, V20, P119, DOI 10.1901/jaba.1987.20-119\par }
{\f1\fs22      Guastello S., 2009, CHAOS COMPLEXITY PSY\par }
{\f1\fs22      Guastello S.J., 1998, NONLINEAR DYNAMICS P, V2, P35, DOI DOI 10.1023/A:1022324210882\par }
{\f1\fs22      Guastello S. J., 2011, NONLINEAR DYNAMICAL, P499\par }
{\f1\fs22      Guastello S.J., 2009, CHAOS COMPLEXITY PSY\par }
{\f1\fs22      HAINES J, 1995, J ABNORM PSYCHOL, V104, P471, DOI 10.1037/0021-843X.104.3.471\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hanley GP, 2003, J APPL BEHAV ANAL, V36, P147, DOI 10.1901/jaba.2003.36-147\par }
{\f1\fs22      Iwata B.A., 2002, ENV DETERMINANTS SEL\par }
{\f1\fs22      Katerndahl David, 2007, Nonlinear Dynamics Psychol Life Sci, V11, P349\par }
{\f1\fs22      Klonsky ED, 2003, AM J PSYCHIAT, V160, P1501, DOI 10.1176/appi.ajp.160.8.1501\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kroeker R, 2004, AM J MENT RETARD, V109, P1, DOI 10.1352/0895-8017(2004)109<1:QTDOSB>2.0.CO;2\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kuppens P, 2010, PSYCHOL SCI, V21, P984, DOI 10.1177/0956797610372634\par }
{\f1\fs22      LATHROP DP, 1989, PHYS REV A, V40, P4028, DOI 10.1103/PhysRevA.40.4028\par }
{\f1\fs22      LINEHAN MM, 1991, ARCH GEN PSYCHIAT, V48, P1060\par }
{\f1\fs22      Madge N, 2008, J CHILD PSYCHOL PSYC, V49, P667, DOI 10.1111/j.1469-7610.2008.01879.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Magnusson MS, 1996, EUR J PSYCHOL ASSESS, V12, P112, DOI 10.1027/1015-5759.12.2.112\par }
{\f1\fs22      Magnusson MS, 2000, BEHAV RES METH INS C, V32, P93, DOI 10.3758/BF03200792\par }
{\f1\fs22      Marion SD, 2003, AM J MENT RETARD, V108, P301, DOI 10.1352/0895-8017(2003)108<301:SARAUS>2.0.CO;2\par }
{\f1\fs22      Metten A., 2010, NONLINEAR DYNAMICS P, V14, P253\par }
{\f1\fs22      Moran P, 2012, LANCET, V379, P236, DOI 10.1016/S0140-6736(11)61141-0\par }
{\f1\fs22      National Institutes of Health (NIH), 1989, TREATM DESTR BEHAV P\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nixon MK, 2002, J AM ACAD CHILD PSY, V41, P1333, DOI 10.1097/00004583-200211000-00015\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ougrin D, 2012, J CHILD PSYCHOL PSYC, V53, P337, DOI 10.1111/j.1469-7610.2012.02525.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Peressini A. F., 2010, ORBITAL DECOMPOSITIO\par }
{\f1\fs22      Pincus D., 2011, NONLINEAR DYNAMICAL, P517\par }
{\f1\fs22      Richards C, 2012, J INTELL DISABIL RES, V56, P476, DOI 10.1111/j.1365-2788.2012.01537.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Richman DM, 2008, J INTELL DISABIL RES, V52, P3, DOI 10.1111/j.1365-2788.2007.01027.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Sandman CA, 2012, J INTELL DISABIL RES, V56, P516, DOI 10.1111/j.1365-2788.2012.01552.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Sandman CA, 2008, DEV PSYCHOBIOL, V50, P680, DOI 10.1002/dev.20323\par }
{\f1\fs22      Sandman Curt A., 2009, P457, DOI 10.1007/978-1-59745-197-0_24\par }
{\f1\fs22      Sandman CA, 1993, EXP CLIN PSYCHOPHARM, V1, P242, DOI 10.1037/1064-1297.1.1-4.242\par }
{\f1\fs22      Sansone Randy A, 2002, Eat Disord, V10, P205, DOI 10.1080/10640260290081786\par }
{\f1\fs22      Shannon C.E., 1949, MATH THEORY COMMUNIC\par }
{\f1\fs22      Smith RG, 1996, J APPL BEHAV ANAL, V29, P99, DOI 10.1901/jaba.1996.29-99\par }
{\f1\fs22      Symons FJ, 2004, MENT RETARD DEV D R, V10, P193, DOI 10.1002/mrdd.20031\par }
{\f1\fs22      Taylor L, 2011, J APPL RES INTELLECT, V24, P105, DOI 10.1111/j.1468-3148.2010.00579.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      West B. J., 1995, LURE MODERN SCI FRAC\par }
{\f1\fs22      West G.J., 2006, MED WENT WRONG REDIS\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pincus, David Eberle, Kiersten Walder, Christin S. Kemp, Aaron S. Lenjav, Mohammed Sandman, Curt A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kemp, Aaron S./AAA-4492-2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kemp, Aaron S./0000-0001-6925-5667\par }
{\f1\fs22 NICHD NIH HHS [HD048947] Funding Source: Medline; EUNICE KENNEDY SHRIVER NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF CHILD HEALTH &HUMAN DEVELOPMENT [R01HD048947] Funding Source: NIH RePORTER\par }
{\f1\fs22 12\par }
{\f1\fs22 0\par }
{\f1\fs22 8\par }
{\f1\fs22 Soc chaos theory psychology & life sciences\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pewaukee\par }
{\f1\fs22 1573-6652\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000337503000003\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Pincus, David; Eberle, Kiersten; Walder, Christin S.] Chapman Univ, Orange, CA 92866 USA. [Kemp, Aaron S.; Lenjav, Mohammed; Sandman, Curt A.] Univ Calif Irvine, Sch Med, Irvine, CA 92717 USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pincus, D (corresponding author), Chapman Univ, Fac Psychol, One Univ Dr, Orange, CA 92866 USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 pincus@chapman.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Pincus, David\line %A Eberle, Kiersten\line %A Walder, Christin S.\line %A Kemp, Aaron S.\line %A Lenjav, Mohammed\line %A Sandman, Curt A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The role of self-injury in behavioral flexibility and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Nonlinear Dynamics, Psychology, and Life Sciences\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 18\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 277-296\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The role of self-injury in behavioral flexibility and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1090-0578\par }
{\f1\fs22 1573-6652\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2014-24222-002\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K self injurious behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 fractal\par }
{\f1\fs22 self organization\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 stimulus response\par }
{\f1\fs22 behavioral flexibility\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Developmental Disabilities\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fractals\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nonlinear Dynamics\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adaptability (Personality)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Behavior Analysis\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Management\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Responses\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Severe and persistent self-injurious behavior (SIB) is notoriously difficult to understand and to treat. The current study used self-organization theory to investigate the possible relationship between SIB and changing levels of behavioral flexibility. Data consisted of categorical time-series of sequential behaviors from individuals with developmental disabilities and severe SIB. Orbital Decomposition was used to analyze each series for measures of structure and entropy. Overall, results showed evidence for self-organization in behavior patterns. Second, series including SIB were on average more flexible than those without SIB; while, higher numbers of SIB events (perseveration) were associated with higher behavioral rigidity and structural disintegration. Finally, there was evidence that behavioral flexibility almost always shifts reliably after a discrete bout of SIB, either increasing or decreasing in complexity. Altogether, these results may provide a deeper and more theoretically grounded understanding of the function of SIB beyond the traditional behavioral paradigm involving simple stimulus-response or response-consequence relations. Instead, some behaviors, such as SIB, may serve a resilience-making function as more global regulators of behavioral flexibility and coherence. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Chapman University, Orange, CA, US. Release Date: 20140825. Correction Date: 20170629. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishGrant Information: Sandman, Curt A. Major Descriptor: Adaptability (Personality); Behavior Analysis; Self-Injurious Behavior; Self-Management. Minor Descriptor: Resilience (Psychological); Responses. Classification: Behavior Disorders & Antisocial Behavior (3230). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300). Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. References Available: Y. Page Count: 20. Issue Publication Date: Jul, 2014. Copyright Statement: Society for Chaos Theory in Psychology & Life Sciences. 2014.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, US. Grant: HD048947. Recipients: Sandman, Curt A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2014-24222-002&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 pincus@chapman.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Pincus, David, Faculty of Psychology, Chapman University, One University Drive, Orange, CA, US, 92866\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Rabkin, J. G.\line %A Wagner, G. J.\line %A Del Bene, M.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2000\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience and distress among amyotrophic lateral sclerosis patients and caregivers\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychosom Med\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 62\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 271-9\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar-Apr\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience and distress among amyotrophic lateral sclerosis patients and caregivers\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0033-3174 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0033-3174\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1097/00006842-200003000-00020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 10772408\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K *Adaptation, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Attitude to Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Caregivers/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/*epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Disease Progression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health Services Needs and Demand\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Karnofsky Performance Status\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prospective Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatric Status Rating Scales\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Assisted/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVES: The objectives of this study were to assess the prevalence of depressive disorders and symptoms and their correlates in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) and caregiver spouses and to identify dimensions of resilience as well as distress. METHODS: Fifty-six patients with ALS and 31 caregivers were interviewed on one occasion, and 20 patients were subsequently reinterviewed during a scheduled medical visit at an ALS center. Major measures included the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV, the Beck Depression Inventory, the Schedule of Attitudes Toward Hastened Death, quality of life, spirituality, and degree of hopelessness. The ALS Functional Rating Scale, spirometry measures of forced vital capacity, and the Karnofsky Performance Index were used to assess physical status. RESULTS: Neither patients nor caregivers displayed significant psychopathology with respect to either current depressive disorders or scores on symptom scales. Depressive symptoms and psychological distress were not related to time since diagnosis, degree of disability, or illness progression during the period of observation. More interest in hastened death was associated with greater distress, but willingness to consider assisted suicide was not. Among caregivers, perceived caregiver burden was significantly associated with finding positive meaning in caregiving. Concordance between patient and caregiver distress was high, suggesting that attention to the mental health needs of caregivers may alleviate the patient's distress as well. CONCLUSIONS: Clinical depression or significant depressive symptomatology is not an inevitable or common outcome of life-threatening illness, even in the presence of major disability.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Rabkin, J G\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wagner, G J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Del Bene, M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2000/04/20\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychosom Med. 2000 Mar-Apr;62(2):271-9. doi: 10.1097/00006842-200003000-00020.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychiatry, College of Physicians and Surgeons, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA. jgrl@Columbia.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Ran, H.\line %A Cai, L.\line %A He, X.\line %A Jiang, L.\line %A Wang, T.\line %A Yang, R.\line %A Xu, X.\line %A Lu, J.\line %A Xiao, Y.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience mediates the association between school bullying victimization and self-harm in Chinese adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Affect Disord\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 277\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 115-120\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20200811\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Dec 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience mediates the association between school bullying victimization and self-harm in Chinese adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-0327\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jad.2020.07.136\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 32810666\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Bullying\par }
{\f1\fs22 China/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Crime Victims\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Schools\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Self-Injurious Behavior/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mediation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Moderation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 School bullying\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVE: The association between school bullying and self-harm (SH) in adolescents has been extensively discussed. Nevertheless, little is known about the mechanism of this relationship, particularly the role of resilience. Our research aimed to explore and evaluate the potential moderation and mediation of resilience in the association between school bullying victimization and SH in a large sample of Chinese adolescents. METHOD: We conducted a population-based cross-sectional survey of 3146 adolescents in southwest China. The data were collected by a self-administered questionnaire. Multivariate Logistic regression which incorporated the product term of bullying victimization and resilience was used to estimate the moderation of resilience. Mediation of resilience in bullying victimization and SH were evaluated by path model. RESULTS: The prevalence of bullying involvement and SH were 13.13% (95% CI:9.31%-18.00%) and 47.0% (95% CI: 36.3%-58.0%), respectively. School bullying victimization was positively associated with SH. Resilience was a prominent mediator which accounted for 27.7% of the total association. Among all five dimensions of resilience, emotion regulation (30.90%), interpersonal assistance (24.78%), and family support (22.16%) showed the strongest mediation. Nevertheless, the moderation of resilience in this association was not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: The findings of the present study suggest that resilience strengthening measures, particularly those aimed at improving emotion regulation ability and building social support could be effective in reducing school bullying victimization related SH behaviors among Chinese teenagers.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1573-2517\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ran, Hailiang\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cai, Le\par }
{\f1\fs22 He, Xingting\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jiang, Linling\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wang, Tianlan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yang, Runxu\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xu, Xiufeng\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lu, Jin\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, Yuanyuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 Netherlands\par }
{\f1\fs22 2020/08/19\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Affect Disord. 2020 Dec 1;277:115-120. doi: 10.1016/j.jad.2020.07.136. Epub 2020 Aug 11.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Epidemiology and Health Statistics, School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, Yunnan 650500, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lincang Psychiatry Hospital, Lincang, Yunnan, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, The First Affiliated Hospital, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, Yunnan 650032, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, The First Affiliated Hospital, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, Yunnan 650032, China. Electronic address: Jinlu2000@163.com.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Epidemiology and Health Statistics, School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, Yunnan 650500, China. Electronic address: 33225647@qq.com.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Ran, Hailiang\line %A Cai, Le\line %A He, Xingting\line %A Jiang, Linling\line %A Wang, Tianlan\line %A Yang, Runxu\line %A Xu, Xiufeng\line %A Lu, Jin\line %A Xiao, Yuanyuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience mediates the association between school bullying victimization and self-harm in Chinese adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Journal of Affective Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 277\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 115-120\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience mediates the association between school bullying victimization and self-harm in Chinese adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-0327\par }
{\f1\fs22 1573-2517\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jad.2020.07.136\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2020-75728-018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 School bullying\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Victimization\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bullying\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Objective: The association between school bullying and self-harm (SH) in adolescents has been extensively discussed. Nevertheless, little is known about the mechanism of this relationship, particularly the role of resilience. Our research aimed to explore and evaluate the potential moderation and mediation of resilience in the association between school bullying victimization and SH in a large sample of Chinese adolescents. Method: We conducted a population-based cross-sectional survey of 3146 adolescents in southwest China. The data were collected by a self-administered questionnaire. Multivariate Logistic regression which incorporated the product term of bullying victimization and resilience was used to estimate the moderation of resilience. Mediation of resilience in bullying victimization and SH were evaluated by path model. Results: The prevalence of bullying involvement and SH were 13.13% (95% CI:9.31%-18.00%) and 47.0% (95% CI: 36.3%-58.0%), respectively. School bullying victimization was positively associated with SH. Resilience was a prominent mediator which accounted for 27.7% of the total association. Among all five dimensions of resilience, emotion regulation (30.90%), interpersonal assistance (24.78%), and family support (22.16%) showed the strongest mediation. Nevertheless, the moderation of resilience in this association was not statistically significant. Conclusions: The findings of the present study suggest that resilience strengthening measures, particularly those aimed at improving emotion regulation ability and building social support could be effective in reducing school bullying victimization related SH behaviors among Chinese teenagers. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Department of Epidemiology and Health Statistics, School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, China. Release Date: 20201116. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Resilience (Psychological); Self-Injurious Behavior; Victimization; Bullying. Classification: Behavior Disorders & Antisocial Behavior (3230). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: China. Age Group: Childhood (birth-12 yrs) (100); School Age (6-12 yrs) (180); Adolescence (13-17 yrs) (200); Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300); Young Adulthood (18-29 yrs) (320). Tests & Measures: Adolescents Self-Harm Scale--Modified Version; Olweus Bully/Victim Questionnaire--Chinese Version; Resilience Scale for Chinese Adolescents DOI: 10.1037/t68543-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. Supplemental Data: Tables and Figures Internet. Page Count: 6. Issue Publication Date: Dec 1, 2020. Publication History: First Posted Date: Aug 11, 2020; Accepted Date: Jul 29, 2020; Revised Date: Jul 26, 2020; First Submitted Date: Apr 26, 2020. Copyright Statement: Elsevier B.V. 2020.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: Kunming Medical University Union Foundation, China. Grant: 2018FE001(\u8722?132). Other Details: Yunnan Applied Basic Research Projects. Recipients: No recipient indicated\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: Top Young Talents of Yunnan Ten Thousand Talents Plan, China. Grant: YNWR-QNBJ-2018\u8211?286. Recipients: No recipient indicated\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: Innovative Research Team of Yunnan Province, China. Grant: 2019(6). Recipients: No recipient indicated\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: Yunnan Health Training Projects of Highly Level Talents, China. Grant: D-2017048. Recipients: No recipient indicated\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: Research Project of Medical and Sanitary Institution of Yunnan Province, China. Grant: 2018NS0110. Recipients: No recipient indicated\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2020-75728-018&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 33225647@qq.com\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jinlu2000@163.com\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Lu, Jin, Department of Psychiatry, First Affiliated Hospital, Kunming Medical University, Yunnan, Kunming, China, 650032\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Ran, H.\line %A Fang, D.\line %A Che, Y.\line %A Donald, A. R.\line %A Peng, J.\line %A Chen, L.\line %A Wang, S.\line %A Xiao, Y.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience mediates the association between impulsivity and self-harm in Chinese adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Affect Disord\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 300\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 34-40\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20211222\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience mediates the association between impulsivity and self-harm in Chinese adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-0327\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jad.2021.12.077\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 34952124\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 China/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Impulsive Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Self-Injurious Behavior/epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 Impulsivity\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mediation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVE: Existing literature is supportive for the positive connection between impulsivity and self-harm (SH), nevertheless, less is known regarding to the role of resilience in this association. This research primarily explored potential mediation of resilience in the association between impulsivity and SH in a large sample of Chinese adolescents. METHOD: A population-based cross-sectional survey of 4552 adolescents was conducted in southwest China. A self-administered questionnaire was adopted for data collection from all subjects. The Barratt Impulsiveness Scale (BIS), the Modified version of Adolescents Self-Harm Scale (MASHS) and the Resilience Scale for Chinese Adolescents (RSCA) were used to measure impulsivity, SH, and resilience, respectively. The associations between impulsivity, resilience, and SH were estimated by using stepwise multivariate Logistic regression models. Mediation of resilience in impulsivity and SH association was evaluated by using path model. RESULTS: The prevalence of SH was 39.1% (95% CI: 34.0%-45.0%) for surveyed adolescents. Impulsivity and resilience were significantly associated with the prevalence of SH. Prominent dose-response association between impulsivity and SH prevalence was further confirmed. Resilience was a salient mediator which accounted for 42.90% of the total impulsivity-SH association. Among all the five dimensions of resilience, goal concentration (23.98%) and emotion regulation (21.94%) showed the strongest mediation. CONCLUSIONS: The findings suggest that resilience building intervention strategies, particularly those focusing on improving goal concentration, emotion regulation, and positive perception, could be effective in reducing impulsivity related SH risk among Chinses adolescents.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1573-2517\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ran, Hailiang\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fang, Die\par }
{\f1\fs22 Che, Yusan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Donald, Ahouanse Roland\par }
{\f1\fs22 Peng, Junwei\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chen, Lin\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wang, Sifan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, Yuanyuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 Netherlands\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/12/25\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Affect Disord. 2022 Mar 1;300:34-40. doi: 10.1016/j.jad.2021.12.077. Epub 2021 Dec 22.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, Yunnan, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, Yunnan, China. Electronic address: 33225647@qq.com.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Ran, Hailiang\line %A Fang, Die\line %A Che, Yusan\line %A Donald, Ahouanse Roland\line %A Peng, Junwei\line %A Chen, Lin\line %A Wang, Sifan\line %A Xiao, Yuanyuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience mediates the association between impulsivity and self-harm in Chinese adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Journal of Affective Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 300\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 34-40\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience mediates the association between impulsivity and self-harm in Chinese adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-0327\par }
{\f1\fs22 1573-2517\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jad.2021.12.077\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2022-32042-006\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 Impulsivity\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 China\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Impulsive Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent Psychopathology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotional Regulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Impulsiveness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Objective: Existing literature is supportive for the positive connection between impulsivity and self-harm (SH), nevertheless, less is known regarding to the role of resilience in this association. This research primarily explored potential mediation of resilience in the association between impulsivity and SH in a large sample of Chinese adolescents. Method: A population-based cross-sectional survey of 4552 adolescents was conducted in southwest China. A self-administered questionnaire was adopted for data collection from all subjects. The Barratt Impulsiveness Scale (BIS), the Modified version of Adolescents Self-Harm Scale (MASHS) and the Resilience Scale for Chinese Adolescents (RSCA) were used to measure impulsivity, SH, and resilience, respectively. The associations between impulsivity, resilience, and SH were estimated by using stepwise multivariate Logistic regression models. Mediation of resilience in impulsivity and SH association was evaluated by using path model. Results: The prevalence of SH was 39.1% (95% CI: 34.0%-45.0%) for surveyed adolescents. Impulsivity and resilience were significantly associated with the prevalence of SH. Prominent dose-response association between impulsivity and SH prevalence was further confirmed. Resilience was a salient mediator which accounted for 42.90% of the total impulsivity-SH association. Among all the five dimensions of resilience, goal concentration (23.98%) and emotion regulation (21.94%) showed the strongest mediation. Conclusions: The findings suggest that resilience building intervention strategies, particularly those focusing on improving goal concentration, emotion regulation, and positive perception, could be effective in reducing impulsivity related SH risk among Chinese adolescents. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, China. Release Date: 20220829. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Adolescent Psychopathology; Emotional Regulation; Impulsiveness; Resilience (Psychological); Self-Injurious Behavior. Classification: Behavior Disorders & Antisocial Behavior (3230). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: China. Age Group: Childhood (birth-12 yrs) (100); School Age (6-12 yrs) (180); Adolescence (13-17 yrs) (200). Tests & Measures: Adolescents Self-Harm Scale-Modified Version; Resilience Scale for Chinese Adolescents DOI: 10.1037/t68543-000; Barratt Impulsiveness Scale; Generalized Anxiety Disorder 7 DOI: 10.1037/t02591-000; Patient Health Questionnaire-9 DOI: 10.1037/t06165-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. Supplemental Data: Other Internet. References Available: Y. Page Count: 7. Issue Publication Date: Mar 1, 2022. Publication History: First Posted Date: Dec 22, 2021; Accepted Date: Dec 19, 2021; Revised Date: Oct 5, 2021; First Submitted Date: Apr 27, 2021. Copyright Statement: All rights reserved. Elsevier B.V. 2021.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: National Natural Science Foundation of China, China. Grant: 82060601. Recipients: No recipient indicated\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: Kunming Medical University Union Foundation, Yunnan Applied Basic Research Projects, China. Grant: 2018FE001 (-132). Recipients: No recipient indicated\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: Top Young Talents of Yunnan Ten Thousand Talents Plan, China. Grant: YNWR-QNBJ-2018\u8211?286. Recipients: No recipient indicated\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: Innovative Research Team of Yunnan Province, China. Grant: 202005AE160002. Recipients: No recipient indicated\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2022-32042-006&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0001-7290-3880\par }
{\f1\fs22 33225647@qq.com\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Xiao, Yuanyuan, Department of Epidemiology and Health Statistics, School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Yunnan, Kunming, China, 650500\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Ran, H. L.\line %A Cai, L.\line %A He, X. T.\line %A Jiang, L. L.\line %A Wang, T. L.\line %A Yang, R. X.\line %A Xu, X. F.\line %A Lu, J.\line %A Xiao, Y. Y.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience mediates the association between school bullying victimization and self-harm in Chinese adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Journal of Affective Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 277\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 115-120\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Dec\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience mediates the association between school bullying victimization and self-harm in Chinese adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O J. Affect. Disord.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-0327\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jad.2020.07.136\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000578004300017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 School bullying\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mediation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Moderation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 follow-up\par }
{\f1\fs22 children\par }
{\f1\fs22 prevalence\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 model\par }
{\f1\fs22 involvement\par }
{\f1\fs22 depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 victims\par }
{\f1\fs22 injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 trends\par }
{\f1\fs22 Neurosciences & Neurology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Objective: The association between school bullying and self-harm (SH) in adolescents has been extensively discussed. Nevertheless, little is known about the mechanism of this relationship, particularly the role of resilience. Our research aimed to explore and evaluate the potential moderation and mediation of resilience in the association between school bullying victimization and SH in a large sample of Chinese adolescents. Method: We conducted a population-based cross-sectional survey of 3146 adolescents in southwest China. The data were collected by a self-administered questionnaire. Multivariate Logistic regression which incorporated the product term of bullying victimization and resilience was used to estimate the moderation of resilience. Mediation of resilience in bullying victimization and SH were evaluated by path model. Results: The prevalence of bullying involvement and SH were 13.13% (95% CI:9.31%-18.00%) and 47.0% (95% CI: 36.3%-58.0%), respectively. School bullying victimization was positively associated with SH. Resilience was a prominent mediator which accounted for 27.7% of the total association. Among all five dimensions of resilience, emotion regulation (30.90%), interpersonal assistance (24.78%), and family support (22.16%) showed the strongest mediation. Nevertheless, the moderation of resilience in this association was not statistically significant. Conclusions: The findings of the present study suggest that resilience strengthening measures, particularly those aimed at improving emotion regulation ability and building social support could be effective in reducing school bullying victimization related SH behaviors among Chinese teenagers.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: OA8BI\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 13\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 46\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      Antila H, 2017, EUR CHILD ADOLES PSY, V26, P779, DOI 10.1007/s00787-017-0946-6\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bolier L, 2013, BMC PUBLIC HEALTH, V13, DOI 10.1186/1471-2458-13-119\par }
{\f1\fs22      Chan HC, 2017, INT J LAW CRIME JUST, V50, P71, DOI 10.1016/j.ijlcj.2017.04.003\par }
{\f1\fs22      Chan HC, 2015, AGGRESS VIOLENT BEH, V23, P98, DOI 10.1016/j.avb.2015.05.010\par }
{\f1\fs22      Chester KL, 2015, EUR J PUBLIC HEALTH, V25, P61, DOI 10.1093/eurpub/ckv029\par }
{\f1\fs22      Eisenberg ME, 2005, J ADOLESCENT HEALTH, V36, P88, DOI 10.1016/j.jadohealth.2004.09.004\par }
{\f1\fs22      Embry DD, 1996, AM J PREV MED, V12, P91, DOI 10.1016/S0749-3797(18)30241-1\par }
{\f1\fs22      Farrell A., 2003, J CHILD FAM STUD, V12\par }
{\f1\fs22      Feng Y, 2008, RELATION ADOLESCENTS\par }
{\f1\fs22      Fergus S, 2005, ANNU REV PUBL HEALTH, V26, P399, DOI 10.1146/annurev.publhealth.26.021304.144357\par }
{\f1\fs22      Fisher HL, 2012, BRIT MED J, V344, DOI 10.1136/bmj.e2683\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ford R, 2017, AUST NZ J PSYCHIAT, V51, P897, DOI 10.1177/0004867417700275\par }
{\f1\fs22      Greenbery M.T., 1996, PATHS PROJECT APREVE\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gupta R, 2018, J WORKPLACE BEHAV HE, V33, P96, DOI 10.1080/15555240.2018.1464929\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hawton K, 2003, J CHILD PSYCHOL PSYC, V44, P1191, DOI 10.1111/1469-7610.00200\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hawton K, 2003, BRIT J PSYCHIAT, V182, P537, DOI 10.1192/bjp.182.6.537\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hawton K, 2012, LANCET, V379, P2373, DOI 10.1016/S0140-6736(12)60322-5\par }
{\f1\fs22      Holt MK, 2007, J YOUTH ADOLESCENCE, V36, P984, DOI 10.1007/s10964-006-9153-3\par }
{\f1\fs22      [\u32993?\u26376?\u29748? HU YueQin], 2008, [\u24515?\u29702?\u23398?\u25253?, Acta Psychologica Sinica], V40, P902\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kaltiala-Heino R, 2000, J ADOLESCENCE, V23, P661, DOI 10.1006/jado.2000.0351\par }
{\f1\fs22      Klonsky ED, 2007, CLIN PSYCHOL REV, V27, P226, DOI 10.1016/j.cpr.2006.08.002\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lang JJ, 2018, MEDICINE, V97, DOI 10.1097/MD.0000000000012916\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lereya ST, 2013, J AM ACAD CHILD PSY, V52, P608, DOI 10.1016/j.jaac.2013.03.012\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lester L, 2017, J CHILD FAM STUD, V26, P2716, DOI 10.1007/s10826-017-0793-6\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mishara BL, 1999, SUICIDE LIFE-THREAT, V29, P105\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2004, J CONSULT CLIN PSYCH, V72, P885, DOI 10.1037/0022-006X.72.5.885\par }
{\f1\fs22      Olfson M, 2018, PEDIATRICS, V141, DOI 10.1542/peds.2017-3517\par }
{\f1\fs22      Olweus D., 1993, BULLY VICTIM PROBLEM\par }
{\f1\fs22      Olweus D., 1996, REVISED OLWEUS BULLY\par }
{\f1\fs22      Peng ZK, 2019, BMC PSYCHIATRY, V19, DOI 10.1186/s12888-019-2319-9\par }
{\f1\fs22      Perez J, 2012, J PSYCHOPATHOL BEHAV, V34, P393, DOI 10.1007/s10862-012-9292-7\par }
{\f1\fs22      Robinson K, 2019, J ABNORM CHILD PSYCH, V47, P325, DOI 10.1007/s10802-018-0450-6\par }
{\f1\fs22      RUTTER M, 1987, AM J ORTHOPSYCHIAT, V57, P316, DOI 10.1111/j.1939-0025.1987.tb03541.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Shields A, 2001, J CLIN CHILD PSYCHOL, V30, P349, DOI 10.1207/S15374424JCCP3003_7\par }
{\f1\fs22      Solberg ME, 2003, AGGRESSIVE BEHAV, V29, P239, DOI 10.1002/ab.10047\par }
{\f1\fs22      Swannell SV, 2014, SUICIDE LIFE-THREAT, V44, P273, DOI 10.1111/sltb.12070\par }
{\f1\fs22      Thornberg R, 2015, CHILD SOC, V29, P310, DOI 10.1111/chso.12058\par }
{\f1\fs22      Unnever JD, 2004, AGGRESSIVE BEHAV, V30, P373, DOI 10.1002/ab.20030\par }
{\f1\fs22      Whitlock J, 2015, CHILD ADOL PSYCH MEN, V9, DOI 10.1186/s13034-015-0048-5\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wu CY, 2013, BMC PSYCHIATRY, V13, DOI 10.1186/1471-244X-13-101\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wu LL, 2018, CHILD ABUSE NEGLECT, V76, P204, DOI 10.1016/j.chiabu.2017.10.021\par }
{\f1\fs22      Xiao YY, 2020, ASIAN J PSYCHIATR, V48, DOI 10.1016/j.ajp.2019.101883\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zhang HP, 2019, J INTERPERS VIOLENCE, V34, P2363, DOI 10.1177/0886260518780777\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zhou ZK, 2017, PERS INDIV DIFFER, V104, P137, DOI 10.1016/j.paid.2016.07.040\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zhu J., 2016, SCH VIOLENCE BEHAV J\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zimmerman MA, 1994, SOC POLICY REP, V8, P1, DOI [10.1002/j.2379-3988.1994.tb00032.x, DOI 10.1002/J.2379-3988.1994.TB00032.X]\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ran, Hailiang Cai, Le He, Xingting Jiang, Linling Wang, Tianlan Yang, Runxu Xu, Xiufeng Lu, Jin Xiao, Yuanyuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ran, Hailiang/0000-0001-7290-3880\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yunnan Applied Basic Research Projects-Kunming Medical University Union Foundation [2018FE001(-132)]; Top Young Talents of Yunnan Ten Thousand Talents Plan [YNWR-QNBJ-2018-286]; Innovative Research Team of Yunnan Province [2019(6)]; Yunnan Health Training Projects of Highly Level Talents [D-2017048]; Research Project of Medical and Sanitary Institution of Yunnan Province [2018NS0110]\par }
{\f1\fs22 The study is supported by Yunnan Applied Basic Research Projects-Kunming Medical University Union Foundation (Grant nos. 2018FE001(-132)), Top Young Talents of Yunnan Ten Thousand Talents Plan (Grant nos. YNWR-QNBJ-2018-286), Innovative Research Team of Yunnan Province (Grant nos. 2019(6)), Yunnan Health Training Projects of Highly Level Talents (Grant nos. D-2017048), Research Project of Medical and Sanitary Institution of Yunnan Province (Grant nos. 2018NS0110).\par }
{\f1\fs22 13\par }
{\f1\fs22 10\par }
{\f1\fs22 60\par }
{\f1\fs22 Elsevier\par }
{\f1\fs22 Amsterdam\par }
{\f1\fs22 1573-2517\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000578004300017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1804093625/1-s2.0-S0165032720325945-main.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Ran, Hailiang; Cai, Le; Xiao, Yuanyuan] Kunming Med Univ, Sch Publ Hlth, Dept Epidemiol & Hlth Stat, Kunming 650500, Yunnan, Peoples R China. [He, Xingting; Wang, Tianlan] Lincang Psychiat Hosp, Lincang, Yunnan, Peoples R China. [Jiang, Linling; Yang, Runxu; Xu, Xiufeng; Lu, Jin] Kunming Med Univ, Affiliated Hosp 1, Dept Psychiat, Kunming 650032, Yunnan, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, YY (corresponding author), Kunming Med Univ, Sch Publ Hlth, Dept Epidemiol & Hlth Stat, Kunming 650500, Yunnan, Peoples R China.; Lu, J (corresponding author), Kunming Med Univ, Affiliated Hosp 1, Dept Psychiat, Kunming 650032, Yunnan, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jinlu2000@163.com; 33225647@qq.com\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Ran, H. L.\line %A Fang, D.\line %A Che, Y. S.\line %A Donald, A. R.\line %A Peng, J. W.\line %A Chen, L.\line %A Wang, S. F.\line %A Xiao, Y. Y.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience mediates the association between impulsivity and self-harm in Chinese adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Journal of Affective Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 300\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 34-40\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience mediates the association between impulsivity and self-harm in Chinese adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O J. Affect. Disord.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-0327\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jad.2021.12.077\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000740323500005\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 Impulsivity\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mediation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 children\par }
{\f1\fs22 injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 Neurosciences & Neurology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Objective: Existing literature is supportive for the positive connection between impulsivity and self-harm (SH), nevertheless, less is known regarding to the role of resilience in this association. This research primarily explored potential mediation of resilience in the association between impulsivity and SH in a large sample of Chinese adolescents. Method: A population-based cross-sectional survey of 4552 adolescents was conducted in southwest China. A selfadministered questionnaire was adopted for data collection from all subjects. The Barratt Impulsiveness Scale (BIS), the Modified version of Adolescents Self-Harm Scale (MASHS) and the Resilience Scale for Chinese Adolescents (RSCA) were used to measure impulsivity, SH, and resilience, respectively. The associations between impulsivity, resilience, and SH were estimated by using stepwise multivariate Logistic regression models. Mediation of resilience in impulsivity and SH association was evaluated by using path model. Results: The prevalence of SH was 39.1% (95% CI: 34.0%-45.0%) for surveyed adolescents. Impulsivity and resilience were significantly associated with the prevalence of SH. Prominent dose-response association between impulsivity and SH prevalence was further confirmed. Resilience was a salient mediator which accounted for 42.90% of the total impulsivity-SH association. Among all the five dimensions of resilience, goal concentration (23.98%) and emotion regulation (21.94%) showed the strongest mediation. Conclusions: The findings suggest that resilience building intervention strategies, particularly those focusing on improving goal concentration, emotion regulation, and positive perception, could be effective in reducing impulsivity related SH risk among Chinses adolescents.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: YD3PY\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 42\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      Bolier L, 2013, BMC PUBLIC HEALTH, V13, DOI 10.1186/1471-2458-13-119\par }
{\f1\fs22      Buser TJ, 2017, J COUNS DEV, V95, P14, DOI 10.1002/jcad.12113\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cassels M, 2022, ARCH SUICIDE RES, V26, P534, DOI 10.1080/13811118.2020.1811180\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cooper J, 2005, AM J PSYCHIAT, V162, P297, DOI 10.1176/appi.ajp.162.2.297\par }
{\f1\fs22      Feng Y, 2008, RELATION ADOLESCENTS\par }
{\f1\fs22      Fergus S, 2005, ANNU REV PUBL HEALTH, V26, P399, DOI 10.1146/annurev.publhealth.26.021304.144357\par }
{\f1\fs22      Foster T, 1997, BRIT J PSYCHIAT, V170, P447, DOI 10.1192/bjp.170.5.447\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hamza CA, 2019, J ADOLESCENCE, V75, P37, DOI 10.1016/j.adolescence.2019.07.003\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hawton K, 2003, J CHILD PSYCHOL PSYC, V44, P1191, DOI 10.1111/1469-7610.00200\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hawton K, 2003, BRIT J PSYCHIAT, V182, P537, DOI 10.1192/bjp.182.6.537\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hawton K, 2012, LANCET, V379, P2373, DOI 10.1016/S0140-6736(12)60322-5\par }
{\f1\fs22      Heath NL, 2016, MINDFULNESS, V7, P1132, DOI 10.1007/s12671-016-0555-3\par }
{\f1\fs22      [\u32993?\u26376?\u29748? HU YueQin], 2008, [\u24515?\u29702?\u23398?\u25253?, Acta Psychologica Sinica], V40, P902\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kroenke K, 2001, J GEN INTERN MED, V16, P606, DOI 10.1046/j.1525-1497.2001.016009606.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lang JJ, 2018, MEDICINE, V97, DOI 10.1097/MD.0000000000012916\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lee D, 2019, PSYCHIAT INVEST, V16, P773, DOI 10.30773/pi.2019.04.02.3\par }
{\f1\fs22      Li J.C., 2016, INTERVENTION EMOTION\par }
{\f1\fs22      [\u26446?\u29486?\u20113? LI XianYun], 2011, [\u20013?\u22269?\u24515?\u29702?\u21355?\u29983?\u26434?\u24535?, Chinese Mental Health Journal], V25, P610\par }
{\f1\fs22      Liu RT, 2018, LANCET PSYCHIAT, V5, P51, DOI 10.1016/S2215-0366(17)30469-8\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lockwood J, 2020, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V274, P583, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2020.05.021\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lockwood J, 2017, EUR CHILD ADOLES PSY, V26, P387, DOI 10.1007/s00787-016-0915-5\par }
{\f1\fs22      Loeffler LAK, 2019, BRAIN IMAGING BEHAV, V13, P1766, DOI 10.1007/s11682-019-00174-9\par }
{\f1\fs22      Luthar SS, 2000, DEV PSYCHOPATHOL, V12, P857, DOI 10.1017/S0954579400004156\par }
{\f1\fs22      Maxfield BL, 2018, PSYCHIAT QUART, V89, P417, DOI 10.1007/s11126-017-9544-5\par }
{\f1\fs22      McHugh CM, 2019, J PSYCHIATR RES, V116, P51, DOI 10.1016/j.jpsychires.2019.05.012\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mishara BL, 1999, SUICIDE LIFE-THREAT, V29, P105\par }
{\f1\fs22      Moeller FG, 2001, AM J PSYCHIAT, V158, P1783, DOI 10.1176/appi.ajp.158.11.1783\par }
{\f1\fs22      O'Neill S, 2019, PSYCHIAT RES, V282, DOI 10.1016/j.psychres.2019.112631\par }
{\f1\fs22      Olfson M, 2018, PEDIATRICS, V141, DOI 10.1542/peds.2017-3517\par }
{\f1\fs22      Perez J, 2012, J PSYCHOPATHOL BEHAV, V34, P393, DOI 10.1007/s10862-012-9292-7\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ran H., BMC PUBLIC HEALTH, V21, P332\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ran HL, 2020, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V277, P115, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2020.07.136\par }
{\f1\fs22      RUTTER M, 1987, AM J ORTHOPSYCHIAT, V57, P316, DOI 10.1111/j.1939-0025.1987.tb03541.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Spitzer RL, 2006, ARCH INTERN MED, V166, P1092, DOI 10.1001/archinte.166.10.1092\par }
{\f1\fs22      Swannell SV, 2014, SUICIDE LIFE-THREAT, V44, P273, DOI 10.1111/sltb.12070\par }
{\f1\fs22      Tian D.M., 2019, STUDY EFFECT MIXED I\par }
{\f1\fs22      Tian X, 2019, BMC PUBLIC HEALTH, V19, DOI 10.1186/s12889-019-8075-4\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wan YH, 2019, BRIT J PSYCHIAT, V214, P146, DOI 10.1192/bjp.2018.263\par }
{\f1\fs22      Xiao YY, 2020, ANN EPIDEMIOL, V42, P42, DOI 10.1016/j.annepidem.2019.12.014\par }
{\f1\fs22      Xiao YY, 2020, ASIAN J PSYCHIATR, V48, DOI 10.1016/j.ajp.2019.101883\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zhang J, 2015, COMMUNITY MENT HLT J, V51, P585, DOI 10.1007/s10597-014-9811-y\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zhao P.T., 2020, EXPLORING EFFECT TRA\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ran, Hailiang Fang, Die Che, Yusan Donald, Ahouanse Roland Peng, Junwei Chen, Lin Wang, Sifan Xiao, Yuanyuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ran, Hailiang/0000-0001-7290-3880\par }
{\f1\fs22 National Natural Science Foundation of China [82060601]; Yunnan Applied Basic Research Projects-Kunming Medical University Union Foundation [2018FE001 (-132)]; Top Young Talents of Yunnan Ten Thousand Talents Plan [YNWR-QNBJ-2018-286]; Innovative Research Team of Yunnan Province [202005AE160002]\par }
{\f1\fs22 The study is supported by National Natural Science Foundation of China (Grant nos. 82060601) , Yunnan Applied Basic Research Projects-Kunming Medical University Union Foundation (Grant nos. 2018FE001 (-132) ) , Top Young Talents of Yunnan Ten Thousand Talents Plan (Grant nos. YNWR-QNBJ-2018-286) , Innovative Research Team of Yunnan Province (Grant nos. 202005AE160002) .\par }
{\f1\fs22 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 8\par }
{\f1\fs22 10\par }
{\f1\fs22 Elsevier\par }
{\f1\fs22 Amsterdam\par }
{\f1\fs22 1573-2517\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000740323500005\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1716934194/1-s2.0-S0165032721013999-main.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Ran, Hailiang; Fang, Die; Che, Yusan; Donald, Ahouanse Roland; Peng, Junwei; Chen, Lin; Wang, Sifan; Xiao, Yuanyuan] Kunming Med Univ, Sch Publ Hlth, Kunming, Yunnan, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, YY (corresponding author), Kunming Med Univ, Sch Publ Hlth, Dept Epidemiol & Hlth Stat, Kunming 650500, Yunnan, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 33225647@qq.com\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Ratnarajah, D.\line %A Maple, M.\line %A Minichiello, V.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Understanding family member suicide narratives by investigating family history\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Omega (Westport)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 69\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 41-57\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Understanding family member suicide narratives by investigating family history\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0030-2228 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0030-2228\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.2190/OM.69.1.c\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 25084708\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adaptation, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Anecdotes as Topic\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Bereavement\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Family Relations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Survivors/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The complex family environments in which a suicide death had previously occurred were explored in a qualitative study of narratives of suicide-bereaved participants. The participants searched for reasons why the suicide occurred in their family. Family patterning stories and the context of the environment in which the suicide death occurred provided an additional depth of meaning into the relational aspects of the family. Fractured families emerged as an important theme. Shared in the narratives were stories of conditions within the family that may have contributed to vulnerability towards persistent negative feelings about their lives, their family, and their future. The study also identifies the strengths of family culture that led to resilience in the suicide bereaved. These stories highlight the importance of support for those bereaved by the suicide of a close family member and the issues that places people in vulnerable situations that perhaps may explain the increased risk of suicide for those bereaved family members.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Ratnarajah, Dorothy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Maple, Myfanwy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Minichiello, Victor\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2014/08/03\par }
{\f1\fs22 Omega (Westport). 2014;69(1):41-57. doi: 10.2190/OM.69.1.c.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.2190/OM.69.1.c?url_ver=Z39.88-2003&rfr_id=ori:rid:crossref.org&rfr_dat=cr_pub%3dpubmed\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ University of New England, Australia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Reeves, A.\line %A McKee, M.\line %A Gunnell, D.\line %A Chang, S. S.\line %A Basu, S.\line %A Barr, B.\line %A Stuckler, D.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Economic shocks, resilience, and male suicides in the Great Recession: cross-national analysis of 20 EU countries\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Eur J Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 25\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 404-9\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20141006\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jun\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Economic shocks, resilience, and male suicides in the Great Recession: cross-national analysis of 20 EU countries\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1101-1262\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1093/eurpub/cku168\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 25287115\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Economic Recession\par }
{\f1\fs22 Europe/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 European Union/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Men/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/economics/*psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Unemployment/psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: During the 2007-11 recessions in Europe, suicide increases were concentrated in men. Substantial differences across countries and over time remain unexplained. We investigated whether increases in unaffordable housing, household indebtedness or job loss can account for these population differences, as well as potential mitigating effects of alternative forms of social protection. METHODS: Multivariate statistical models were used to evaluate changes in suicide rates in 20 EU countries from 1981-2011. Models adjusted for pre-existing time trends and country-fixed effects. Interaction terms were used to evaluate modifying effects. RESULTS: Changes in levels of unaffordable housing had no effect on suicide rates (P = 0.32); in contrast, male suicide increases were significantly associated with each percentage point rise in male unemployment, by 0.94% (95% CI: 0.51-1.36%), and indebtedness, by 0.54% (95% CI: 0.02-1.06%). Spending on active labour market programmes (ALMP) (-0.26%, 95% CI: -0.08 to -0.45%) and high levels of social capital (-0.048%, 95% CI: -0.0096 to -0.087) moderated the unemployment-suicide association. There was no interaction of the volume of anti-depressant prescriptions (P = 0.51), monetary benefits to unemployed persons (P = 0.77) or total social protection spending per capita (P = 0.37). Active labour market programmes and social capital were estimated to have prevented \u8764? 540 and \u8764? 210 male suicides, respectively, arising from unemployment in the countries studied. CONCLUSION: Job losses were a critical determinant of variations in male suicide risks in Europe's recessions. Greater spending on ALMP and levels of social capital appeared to mitigate suicide risks.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1464-360x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Reeves, Aaron\par }
{\f1\fs22 McKee, Martin\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gunnell, David\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chang, Shu-Sen\par }
{\f1\fs22 Basu, Sanjay\par }
{\f1\fs22 Barr, Benjamin\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stuckler, David\par }
{\f1\fs22 100709/WT_/Wellcome Trust/United Kingdom\par }
{\f1\fs22 DRF-2009-02-12/DH_/Department of Health/United Kingdom\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2014/10/08\par }
{\f1\fs22 Eur J Public Health. 2015 Jun;25(3):404-9. doi: 10.1093/eurpub/cku168. Epub 2014 Oct 6.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://watermark.silverchair.com/cku168.pdf?token=AQECAHi208BE49Ooan9kkhW_Ercy7Dm3ZL_9Cf3qfKAc485ysgAAAskwggLFBgkqhkiG9w0BBwagggK2MIICsgIBADCCAqsGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQM9blbBxmZScWavkeCAgEQgIICfGYqZq134Fcdedur6RW2yGdBr3ivdX43Pg_00Ldnbz9PwGjddMhrOdntmhROymfRqJvVZjJVog-dRg7ZSTgJHi0W-w555Drp9edkszBFXgGA1j4Yeba8u1YhkZX0Nu60GjsS95az8OoEJ4NeK5bssOc9jJIcDYIhK9HKugAiH0EJ4JPxlikdTTFN1UxgMHKXFySQ9UjF3KPB7ud0_s6CMrYimKy4YyIAn0KZxh8UjQEBWSku3yPEob3h0k-3SF21xq9-JvQvVkmWqjQQZmSpgAg-Vu4ntnAl0JbiFkXfVQKXbwip5pfzCWjbvX5CCk3jprQbOEbZausgqlLIf2g4LRMZhY0Ng53N0DFx6jo2GqWU03rWS7neu4aoZLpJRl0-T-BVS0nUMeNyiVqbEfgbAIFrOrn9zbFmBLvFwHXWN4BJzwbe3QnRjVtOKbTq7pJlT0U1eyx3qVsNuqxzztkYLUYeTaQom06hju7fcI1kGEpeQu1QemABTVONslYcNOqSov7o3HI7_yxds_Y4VTfwNqw0W1ID_H3kbePm62uc2OqxQbL3zrwPFLQkivNe9UEd9o7dRKeL8YbOd5zHqKP7OidJsVKA_xI-EPvN7ZhA7sfEN23_JGNBaQ2Ztn2MP5nzjPPfCPmnQLdKDNxD-daREYEUIK1XhvlkNYu3WBHgWv_AnZS3l0N4I_4oo3bWEJ6P8q0rVQASWr7riIXGDxar81rzfPP6vF3b10tKtKVZdxtkM9Dw5a0bLVtuBmrLqo7zMce8kuD3dixkxkVPhOTIPRuvoH4lVj5VwWDCsBfm6iT9T8lFi60MsGk_Ltjm0_HiQo01miBtKzuyhR8Lmw\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2446701377/Reeves-2015-Economic shocks, resilience, and m.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ 1 Department of Sociology, University of Oxford, Oxford, England aaron.reeves@sociology.ox.ac.uk.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2 Department of Health Services Research and Policy, London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, London, England.\par }
{\f1\fs22 3 School of Social and Community Medicine, University of Bristol, Bristol, England.\par }
{\f1\fs22 3 School of Social and Community Medicine, University of Bristol, Bristol, England 4 Hong Kong Jockey Club Centre for Suicide Research and Prevention, The University of Hong Kong, Pokfulam, Hong Kong.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2 Department of Health Services Research and Policy, London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, London, England 5 School of Medicine, Stanford University, Palo Alto, California, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 6 Institute of Psychology, Health, and Society, University of Liverpool, Liverpool, England.\par }
{\f1\fs22 1 Department of Sociology, University of Oxford, Oxford, England 2 Department of Health Services Research and Policy, London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, London, England.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Reisner, S. L.\line %A Biello, K.\line %A Perry, N. S.\line %A Gamarel, K. E.\line %A Mimiaga, M. J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T A Compensatory Model of Risk and Resilience Applied to Adolescent Sexual Orientation Disparities in Nonsuicidal Self-Injury and Suicide Attempts\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B American Journal of Orthopsychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 84\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 5\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 545-556\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Sep\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! A Compensatory Model of Risk and Resilience Applied to Adolescent Sexual Orientation Disparities in Nonsuicidal Self-Injury and Suicide Attempts\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O Am. J. Orthopsychiatr.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0002-9432\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1037/ort0000008\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000346923700010\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K sexual minority\par }
{\f1\fs22 adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 mental health\par }
{\f1\fs22 nonsuicidal self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 fully conditional specification\par }
{\f1\fs22 psychosocial health-problems\par }
{\f1\fs22 gay-straight alliances\par }
{\f1\fs22 bisexual youth\par }
{\f1\fs22 high-school\par }
{\f1\fs22 young-adults\par }
{\f1\fs22 multiple imputation\par }
{\f1\fs22 conceptual issues\par }
{\f1\fs22 mental-health\par }
{\f1\fs22 minority\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Work\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X This study investigated and applied a compensatory model of risk and resilience to differences in past-year nonsuicidal self-injury (NSSI) and suicide attempts by sexual orientation using representative data from the 2007 Massachusetts Youth Risk Behavior Survey (n = 3,131). Self-identified lesbian, gay, bisexual, and questioning (LGBQ) adolescents comprised 7% of the sample, but accounted for 67% of NSSI and 80% of suicide attempts. Compared with heterosexuals, LGBQ adolescents had an increased odds of NSSI (adjusted Odds Ratio (aOR) = 2.76; 95% Confidence Interval (CI) [2.00, 3.81] and suicide attempts (aOR = 2.73; 95% CI [1.47, 5.08]. NSSI was highly associated with suicidality (aOR = 10.87; 95% CI [6.17, 19.18]. Family support was independently associated with a decreased odds of both NSSI (aOR = 0.56; 95% CI [0.35, 0.89] and suicidality (aOR = 0.48; 95% CI [0.29, 0.79] supporting a compensatory model of resilience. Screening and preventive interventions for LGBQ adolescents are warranted, including at the family level. Sexual orientation should be included as a standard demographic to monitor health disparities.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: AX4TI\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 45\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 74\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      Allison P.D., 2001, MISSING DATA\par }
{\f1\fs22      American Psychiatric Association, 2013, DIAGN STAT MAN MENT, V5th\par }
{\f1\fs22      American Psychiatric Association, 2000, DIAGN STAT MAN MENT, V4th\par }
{\f1\fs22      Belsky J, 2009, PSYCHOL BULL, V135, P885, DOI 10.1037/a0017376\par }
{\f1\fs22      Birkett M, 2009, J YOUTH ADOLESCENCE, V38, P989, DOI 10.1007/s10964-008-9389-1\par }
{\f1\fs22      Blosnich J, 2012, J AM COLL HEALTH, V60, P141, DOI 10.1080/07448481.2011.623332\par }
{\f1\fs22      Blum RW, 2002, J ADOLESCENT HEALTH, V31, P28, DOI 10.1016/S1054-139X(02)00411-1\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bontempo DE, 2002, J ADOLESCENT HEALTH, V30, P364, DOI 10.1016/S1054-139X(01)00415-3\par }
{\f1\fs22      Briere J, 1998, AM J ORTHOPSYCHIAT, V68, P609, DOI 10.1037/h0080369\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bronfenbrenner E., 1994, INT ENCY ED, P1643\par }
{\f1\fs22      Centers for Disease Control, 2013, METH YOUTH RISK BEH\par }
{\f1\fs22      Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), 2007, STAT LOC YOUTH RISK\par }
{\f1\fs22      Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), 2010, LEAD CAUS DEATH REP\par }
{\f1\fs22      Corliss HL, 2011, AM J PUBLIC HEALTH, V101, P1683, DOI 10.2105/AJPH.2011.300155\par }
{\f1\fs22      D'Augelli AR, 1998, AM J ORTHOPSYCHIAT, V68, P361, DOI 10.1037/h0080345\par }
{\f1\fs22      D'Augelli AR, 2002, SCHOOL PSYCHOL QUART, V17, P148, DOI 10.1521/scpq.17.2.148.20854\par }
{\f1\fs22      DAugelli Anthony, 2002, CLIN CHILD PSYCHOL P, V7, P433, DOI [10.1177/1359104502007003039, DOI 10.1177/1359104502007003010]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Deliberto TL, 2008, ARCH SUICIDE RES, V12, P219, DOI 10.1080/13811110802101096\par }
{\f1\fs22      Diamond LM, 2003, J CLIN CHILD ADOLESC, V32, P490, DOI 10.1207/S15374424JCCP3204_1\par }
{\f1\fs22      Doty ND, 2010, J YOUTH ADOLESCENCE, V39, P1134, DOI 10.1007/s10964-010-9566-x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Favazza AR, 1998, J NERV MENT DIS, V186, P259, DOI 10.1097/00005053-199805000-00001\par }
{\f1\fs22      Fergus S, 2005, ANNU REV PUBL HEALTH, V26, P399, DOI 10.1146/annurev.publhealth.26.021304.144357\par }
{\f1\fs22      Garofalo R, 1998, PEDIATRICS, V101, P895, DOI 10.1542/peds.101.5.895\par }
{\f1\fs22      Glassman LH, 2007, BEHAV RES THER, V45, P2483, DOI 10.1016/j.brat.2007.04.002\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gratz KL, 2001, J PSYCHOPATHOL BEHAV, V23, P253, DOI 10.1023/A:1012779403943\par }
{\f1\fs22      Haas AP, 2010, J HOMOSEXUAL, V58, P10, DOI 10.1080/00918369.2011.534038\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hatzenbuehler ML, 2011, PEDIATRICS, V127, P896, DOI 10.1542/peds.2010-3020\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hazell P, 1996, AUST NZ J PSYCHIAT, V30, P633, DOI 10.3109/00048679609062659\par }
{\f1\fs22      Herrick AL, 2014, AIDS BEHAV, V18, P1, DOI 10.1007/s10461-012-0384-x\par }
{\f1\fs22      House AS., 2011, TRAUMATOLOGY, V17, P75, DOI [10.1177/1534765610395621, DOI 10.1177/1534765610395621]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Huey SJ, 2004, J AM ACAD CHILD PSY, V43, P183, DOI 10.1097/00004583-200402000-00014\par }
{\f1\fs22      Jacobson CM, 2007, ARCH SUICIDE RES, V11, P129, DOI 10.1080/13811110701247602\par }
{\f1\fs22      KALAFAT J, 1994, SUICIDE LIFE-THREAT, V24, P224\par }
{\f1\fs22      Klonsky ED, 2008, J CONSULT CLIN PSYCH, V76, P22, DOI 10.1037/0022-006X.76.1.22\par }
{\f1\fs22      Klonsky ED, 2007, J CLIN PSYCHOL, V63, P1045, DOI 10.1002/jclp.20412\par }
{\f1\fs22      Klonsky ED, 2007, J CLIN PSYCHOL, V63, P1039, DOI 10.1002/jclp.20411\par }
{\f1\fs22      Klonsky ED, 2003, AM J PSYCHIAT, V160, P1501, DOI 10.1176/appi.ajp.160.8.1501\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lee KJ, 2010, AM J EPIDEMIOL, V171, P624, DOI 10.1093/aje/kwp425\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lewis MD, 2004, CHILD DEV, V75, P371, DOI 10.1111/j.1467-8624.2004.00680.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Liu RT, 2012, AM J PREV MED, V42, P221, DOI 10.1016/j.amepre.2011.10.023\par }
{\f1\fs22      Massachusetts Department of Public Health (MDPH), 2008, HLTH RISK BEH MASS Y\par }
{\f1\fs22      Meyer IH, 2003, PSYCHOL BULL, V129, P674, DOI 10.1037/0033-2909.129.5.674\par }
{\f1\fs22      Muehlenkamp JJ, 2005, AM J ORTHOPSYCHIAT, V75, P324, DOI 10.1037/0002-9432.75.2.324\par }
{\f1\fs22      Muehlenkamp JJ, 2004, SUICIDE LIFE-THREAT, V34, P12, DOI 10.1521/suli.34.1.12.27769\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mustanski B, 2007, ANN BEHAV MED, V34, P37, DOI 10.1007/BF02879919\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mustanski B, 2011, J GAY LESBIAN SOC E, V23, P204, DOI 10.1080/10538720.2011.561474\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nixon MK, 2009, SELF-INJURY IN YOUTH: THE ESSENTIAL GUIDE TO ASSESSMENT AND INTERVENTION, P1\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2008, EPIDEMIOL REV, V30, P133, DOI 10.1093/epirev/mxn002\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2006, PSYCHIAT RES, V144, P65, DOI 10.1016/j.psychres.2006.05.010\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2010, ANNU REV CLIN PSYCHO, V6, P339, DOI 10.1146/annurev.clinpsy.121208.131258\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2009, J ABNORM PSYCHOL, V118, P816, DOI 10.1037/a0016948\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ploderl M, 2013, ARCH SEX BEHAV, V42, P715, DOI 10.1007/s10508-012-0056-y\par }
{\f1\fs22      Prinstein MJ, 2008, J CONSULT CLIN PSYCH, V76, P1, DOI 10.1037/0022-006X.76.1.1\par }
{\f1\fs22      REMAFEDI G, 1991, PEDIATRICS, V87, P869\par }
{\f1\fs22      Remafedi G, 1998, AM J PUBLIC HEALTH, V88, P57, DOI 10.2105/AJPH.88.1.57\par }
{\f1\fs22      Rotheram-Borus MJ, 2000, J CONSULT CLIN PSYCH, V68, P1081, DOI 10.1037/0022-006X.68.6.1081\par }
{\f1\fs22      Rovzar C., 2010, NEW YORK MAGAZINE\par }
{\f1\fs22      Russell ST, 2001, AM J PUBLIC HEALTH, V91, P1276, DOI 10.2105/AJPH.91.8.1276\par }
{\f1\fs22      Russell ST, 2009, J YOUTH ADOLESCENCE, V38, P891, DOI 10.1007/s10964-008-9382-8\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ryan C, 2010, J CHILD ADOL PS NURS, V23, P205, DOI 10.1111/j.1744-6171.2010.00246.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ryan C, 2009, PEDIATRICS, V123, P346, DOI 10.1542/peds.2007-3524\par }
{\f1\fs22      Saewyc EM, 2011, J RES ADOLESCENCE, V21, P256, DOI 10.1111/j.1532-7795.2010.00727.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Safren SA, 1999, J CONSULT CLIN PSYCH, V67, P859, DOI 10.1037/0022-006X.67.6.859\par }
{\f1\fs22      Savin-Williams RC, 2001, J ADOLESCENCE, V24, P5, DOI 10.1006/jado.2000.0369\par }
{\f1\fs22      Shaffer D., 2009, PROPOSAL DSM 5 CHILD\par }
{\f1\fs22      Skegg K, 2003, AM J PSYCHIAT, V160, P541, DOI 10.1176/appi.ajp.160.3.541\par }
{\f1\fs22      Stall R, 2003, AM J PUBLIC HEALTH, V93, P939, DOI 10.2105/AJPH.93.6.939\par }
{\f1\fs22      Toomey RB, 2011, APPL DEV SCI, V15, P175, DOI 10.1080/10888691.2011.607378\par }
{\f1\fs22      Van Buuren S, 2006, J STAT COMPUT SIM, V76, P1049, DOI 10.1080/10629360600810434\par }
{\f1\fs22      van Buuren S, 2007, STAT METHODS MED RES, V16, P219, DOI 10.1177/0962280206074463\par }
{\f1\fs22      Weierich MR, 2008, J CONSULT CLIN PSYCH, V76, P39, DOI 10.1037/0022-006X.76.1.39\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wexler LM, 2009, SOC SCI MED, V69, P565, DOI 10.1016/j.socscimed.2009.06.022\par }
{\f1\fs22      Whitlock J, 2006, PEDIATRICS, V117, P1939, DOI 10.1542/peds.2005-2543\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wilkinson P, 2011, AM J PSYCHIAT, V168, P495, DOI 10.1176/appi.ajp.2010.10050718\par }
{\f1\fs22 Reisner, Sari L. Biello, Katie Perry, Nicholas S. Gamarel, Kristi E. Mimiaga, Matthew J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gamarel, Kristi/ABE-1108-2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gamarel, Kristi/0000-0001-9405-7515\par }
{\f1\fs22 46\par }
{\f1\fs22 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 28\par }
{\f1\fs22 Amer psychological assoc\par }
{\f1\fs22 Washington\par }
{\f1\fs22 1939-0025\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000346923700010\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0814476800/ContentServer(3).pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Reisner, Sari L.; Biello, Katie] Harvard Univ, Sch Publ Hlth, Dept Epidemiol, Boston, MA 02115 USA. [Reisner, Sari L.; Biello, Katie; Perry, Nicholas S.] Fenway Hlth, Fenway Inst, Boston, MA 02215 USA. [Perry, Nicholas S.] Univ Utah, Dept Psychol, Salt Lake City, UT 84112 USA. [Gamarel, Kristi E.] CUNY, Grad Ctr, New York, NY 10021 USA. [Mimiaga, Matthew J.] Harvard Univ, Sch Publ Hlth, Dept Epidemiol, Fenway Inst,Fenway Hlth, Boston, MA 02115 USA. [Mimiaga, Matthew J.] Harvard Univ, Massachusetts Gen Hosp, Sch Med, Dept Psychiat, Boston, MA USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Reisner, SL (corresponding author), Fenway Hlth, Fenway Inst, 1340 Boylston St,8th Floor, Boston, MA 02215 USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 sreisner@fenwayhealth.org\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Reisner, Sari L.\line %A Biello, Katie\line %A Perry, Nicholas S.\line %A Gamarel, Kristi E.\line %A Mimiaga, Matthew J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T A compensatory model of risk and resilience applied to adolescent sexual orientation disparities in nonsuicidal self-injury and suicide attempts\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B American Journal of Orthopsychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 84\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 5\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 545-556\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! A compensatory model of risk and resilience applied to adolescent sexual orientation disparities in nonsuicidal self-injury and suicide attempts\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0002-9432\par }
{\f1\fs22 1939-0025\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1037/ort0000008\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2014-31784-001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 sexual minority\par }
{\f1\fs22 mental health\par }
{\f1\fs22 nonsuicidal self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide attempts\par }
{\f1\fs22 protective factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 compensatory model\par }
{\f1\fs22 risk factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 lesbian\par }
{\f1\fs22 gay\par }
{\f1\fs22 bisexual\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bisexuality\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Homosexuality\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Massachusetts\par }
{\f1\fs22 Models, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted\par }
{\f1\fs22 Attempted Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Inflicted Wounds\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sexual Orientation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lesbianism\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male Homosexuality\par }
{\f1\fs22 Models\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sexual Minority Groups\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X This study investigated and applied a compensatory model of risk and resilience to differences in past-year nonsuicidal self-injury (NSSI) and suicide attempts by sexual orientation using representative data from the 2007 Massachusetts Youth Risk Behavior Survey (n = 3,131). Self-identified lesbian, gay, bisexual, and questioning (LGBQ) adolescents comprised 7% of the sample, but accounted for 67% of NSSI and 80% of suicide attempts. Compared with heterosexuals, LGBQ adolescents had an increased odds of NSSI (adjusted Odds Ratio (aOR) = 2.76; 95% Confidence Interval (CI) [2.00, 3.81] and suicide attempts (aOR = 2.73; 95% CI [1.47, 5.08]. NSSI was highly associated with suicidality (aOR = 10.87; 95% CI [6.17, 19.18]. Family support was independently associated with a decreased odds of both NSSI (aOR = 0.56; 95% CI [0.35, 0.89] and suicidality (aOR = 0.48; 95% CI [0.29, 0.79] supporting a compensatory model of resilience. Screening and preventive interventions for LGBQ adolescents are warranted, including at the family level. Sexual orientation should be included as a standard demographic to monitor health disparities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Department of Epidemiology, Harvard School of Public Health, US. Other Publishers: American Orthopsychiatric Association, Inc.; Wiley-Blackwell Publishing Ltd. Release Date: 20140804. Correction Date: 20190211. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Attempted Suicide; Protective Factors; Resilience (Psychological); Self-Inflicted Wounds; Sexual Orientation. Minor Descriptor: Bisexuality; Lesbianism; Male Homosexuality; Mental Health; Models; Risk Factors; Self-Injurious Behavior; Sexual Minority Groups. Classification: Behavior Disorders & Antisocial Behavior (3230). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: US. Age Group: Adolescence (13-17 yrs) (200). Tests & Measures: Massachusetts Youth Risk Behavior Survey; Deliberate Self-Harm Behaviors and Attempted Suicide, Last 12 Months Measure [Appended]; Sexual Orientation Identity Measure [Appended]; Binge Drinking, Last 30 Days Measure [Appended]; Bullying, Past 12 Months Measure [Appended]; Depressive Distress, Past 12 Months Measure; Resilience Resources: Supportive and Protective Factors Measure [Appended] DOI: 10.1037/t36141-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. References Available: Y. Page Count: 12. Issue Publication Date: Sep, 2014. Publication History: First Posted Date: Aug 4, 2014. Copyright Statement: American Orthopsychiatric Association. 2014.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2014-31784-001&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 sreisner@fenwayhealth.org\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Reisner, Sari L., The Fenway Institute, Fenway Health, 1340 Boylston Street, 8th Floor, Boston, MA, US, 02215\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Ressler, K. J.\line %A Schoomaker, E. B.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Commentary on "The Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)": Army STARRS: a Framingham-like study of psychological health risk factors in soldiers\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 77\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 120-9\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Summer\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Commentary on "The Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)": Army STARRS: a Framingham-like study of psychological health risk factors in soldiers\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0033-2747\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1521/psyc.2014.77.2.120\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 24865196\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Depressive Disorder/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment/*methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Although historically the Army suicide rate has been significantly lower than the civilian rate, in 2004, the suicide and accidental death rates began trending upward. By 2008, the Army suicide rate had risen above the national average (20.2 per 100,000). In 2009, 160 active duty Soldiers took their lives, making suicide the third leading cause of death among the Army population. If accidental death, frequently the result of high-risk behavior, is included, then more Soldiers died by their own actions than in combat in 2009. The Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS) was thus created in 2009 to begin to address these problems. The Army STARRS project is a large consortium of seven different studies to develop data-driven methods for mitigating or preventing suicide behaviors and improving the overall mental health and behavioral functioning of Army Soldiers during and after their Army service. The first research articles from the Army STARRS project were published in late 2013 and early 2014. This work has already begun to outline important facets of risk in the military, and it is helping to drive an empirically derived approach to improvements in understanding mental disorders and risk behavior and to improve prevention and support of mental health and resilience. The Framingham Heart Study, started in the 1940s, marked a watershed event in utilizing large cross-sectional and prospective longitudinal collaborative research to identify and understand risk factors for cardiovascular disease. The Army STARRS project, through its collaborative, prospective, and robust innovative design and implementation, may provide the beginning of a similar scientific cohort in mental disorders. The work of this project will help understand biological and psychological aspects of military service, including those leading to suicide. When coupled with timely feedback to Army leadership, it permits near real-time steps to diagnose, mitigate, and manage emerging mental health issues and the root causes of risk and resilience in Army Soldiers, with potential impact extending across many traumatized populations-not unlike a parallel process that has markedly improved survival and recovery from physical combat wounds.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1943-281x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ressler, Kerry J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Schoomaker, Eric B\par }
{\f1\fs22 MH071537/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 MH094757/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 MH096764/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Howard Hughes Medical Institute/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Comment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2014/05/29\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry. 2014 Summer;77(2):120-9. doi: 10.1521/psyc.2014.77.2.120.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Ribeiro, J. D.\line %A Gutierrez, P. M.\line %A Joiner, T. E.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\line %A Petukhova, M. V.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Nock, M. K.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Health care contact and suicide risk documentation prior to suicide death: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Consult Clin Psychol\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 85\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 403-408\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Apr\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Health care contact and suicide risk documentation prior to suicide death: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0022-006X (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0022-006x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1037/ccp0000178\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC5364817\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS841030\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 28333538\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Patient Acceptance of Health Care/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVE: Prior research has shown that a substantial portion of suicide decedents access health care in the weeks and months before their death. We examined whether this is true among soldiers. METHOD: The sample included the 569 Regular Army soldiers in the U.S. Army who died by suicide on active duty between 2004 and 2009 compared to 5,690 matched controls. Analyses examined the prevalence and frequency of health care contacts and documentation of suicide risk (i.e., the presence of prior suicidal thoughts and behaviors) over the year preceding suicide death. Predictors of health care contact and suicide risk documentation were also examined. RESULTS: Approximately 50% of suicide decedents accessed health care in the month prior to their death, and over 25% of suicide decedents accessed health care in the week prior to their death. Mental health encounters were significantly more prevalent among suicide decedents (4 weeks: 27.9% vs. 7.9%, \u967?2 = 96.2, p < .001; 52 weeks: 59.4% vs. 33.7%, \u967?2 = 120.2, p < .001). Despite this, risk documentation was rare among suicide decedents (4 weeks: 13.8%; 52 weeks: 24.5%). Suicide decedents who were male, never married, and non-Hispanic Black were less likely to access care prior to death. Number of mental health encounters was the only predictor of suicide risk documentation among decedents at 4 weeks (OR = 1.14) and 52 weeks (OR = 1.05) prior to their death. CONCLUSIONS: Many soldiers who die by suicide access health care shortly before death, presenting an opportunity for suicide prevention. However, in most cases, there was no documentation of prior suicidal thoughts or behaviors, highlighting the need for improvements in risk detection and prediction. Increasing the frequency, scope, and accuracy of risk assessments, especially in mental health care settings, may be particularly useful. (PsycINFO Database Record\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1939-2117\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ribeiro, Jessica D\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gutierrez, Peter M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Joiner, Thomas E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Petukhova, Maria V\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nock, Matthew K\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2017/03/24\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Consult Clin Psychol. 2017 Apr;85(4):403-408. doi: 10.1037/ccp0000178.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5364817/pdf/nihms841030.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1295786457/Ribeiro-2017-Health care contact and suicide r.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychology, Florida State University.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, University of Colorado School of Medicine.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School.\par }
{\f1\fs22 University of California, San Diego.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Department of Psychiatry, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Harvard University.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Robinson, Gary\line %A Lee, Eunro\line %A Leckning, Bernard\line %A Silburn, Sven\line %A Nagel, Tricia\line %A Midford, Richard\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Validity and reliability of resiliency measures trialled for the evaluation of a preventative Resilience-promoting social-emotional curriculum for remote Aboriginal school students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B PLoS ONE\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 17\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Validity and reliability of resiliency measures trialled for the evaluation of a preventative Resilience-promoting social-emotional curriculum for remote Aboriginal school students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1932-6203\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1371/journal.pone.0262406\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2022-47060-001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K test validity\par }
{\f1\fs22 test reliability\par }
{\f1\fs22 social-emotional curriculum\par }
{\f1\fs22 psychometrics\par }
{\f1\fs22 Curriculum\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle School Students\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent Development\par }
{\f1\fs22 Communities\par }
{\f1\fs22 Indigenous Populations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Purpose: We aimed to test the reliability and validity of two brief measures of resilience adopted for the evaluation of a preventative social-emotional curriculum implemented for Aboriginal middle school students from socially disadvantaged remote communities in Australia\u8217?s Northern Territory. The questionnaires chosen were intended to measure psychological resilience and socio-cultural resilience as complementary dimensions of the capacity to cope in circumstances of significant life stress and risk of self-harm. Methods: Confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) was conducted to assess construct validity of the 10- item Connor-Davidson Resilience Scale (CD-RISC-10), a measure of psychological resilience, and the 12-item Child and Youth Resilience Measure (CYRM-12), a measure of socio-cultural resilience, with a sample of 520 students. Associations between resilience and psychological distress and emotional and behavioural difficulty were analysed in relation to life stressors to assess criterion validity of the scales. Results: CFA provided support for the validity of the respective constructs. There was good fit for both scales. However, assessment of criterion validity of the scales suggested that the adapted measure of socio-cultural resilience (CYRM-12NT) showed higher reliability and a clearer indication of predictive validity than the measure of psychological resilience (CDRISC- 10). Conclusions: The CYRM-12NT appears to be a more useful measure of resilience among Aboriginal youth exposed to significant life stress and disadvantage. However, both measures may require further development to enhance their validity and utility among potentially at-risk adolescents in socially, culturally and linguistically diverse remote Aboriginal communities. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Centre for Child Development and Education, Menzies School of Health Research, Charles Darwin University, Casuarina, NT, Australia. Release Date: 20220825. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishGrant Information: Robinson, Gary. Major Descriptor: Curriculum; Middle School Students; Psychometrics; Test Reliability; Test Validity. Minor Descriptor: Adolescent Development; Communities; Indigenous Populations; Resilience (Psychological). Classification: Educational Measurement (2227). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: Australia. Age Group: Childhood (birth-12 yrs) (100); School Age (6-12 yrs) (180); Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300); Young Adulthood (18-29 yrs) (320). Tests & Measures: Kessler 6; Strong Kids Symptom Scale; 12-Item Child and Youth Resilience Measure DOI: 10.1037/t78882-000; 10-Item Connor-Davidson Resilience Scale DOI: 10.1037/t09624-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. Supplemental Data: Tables and Figures Internet. References Available: Y. ArtID: e0262406. Issue Publication Date: Jan 11, 2022. Publication History: First Posted Date: Jan 11, 2022; Accepted Date: Dec 23, 2021; First Submitted Date: Sep 14, 2020. Copyright Statement: This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited. Robinson et al. 2022.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: National Health and Medical Research Council, US. Grant: 1076817. Recipients: Robinson, Gary; Silburn, Sven; Midford, Richard; Nagel, Tricia\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2022-47060-001&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0001-5901-4579\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0002-9665-2817\par }
{\f1\fs22 gary.robinson@menzies.edu.au\par }
{\f1\fs22 https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article/file?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0262406&type=printable\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3867004069/Robinson-2022-Validity and reliability of resi.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Robinson, Gary\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Robinson, W. L.\line %A Whipple, C. R.\line %A Keenan, K.\line %A Flack, C. E.\line %A Wingate, L.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Suicide in African American Adolescents: Understanding Risk by Studying Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Annu Rev Clin Psychol\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 18\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 359-385\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20211111\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 May 9\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Suicide in African American Adolescents: Understanding Risk by Studying Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1548-5943\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1146/annurev-clinpsy-072220-021819\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 34762495\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 *African Americans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ethnicity\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide/prevention & control\par }
{\f1\fs22 Violence\par }
{\f1\fs22 African American adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 prevention\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 systemic and structural racism\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Historically, suicide rates for African American adolescents have been low, relative to rates for youth of other racial-ethnic backgrounds. Since 2001, however, suicide rates among African American adolescents have escalated: Suicide is now the third leading cause of death for African American adolescents. This disturbing trend warrants focused research on suicide etiology and manifestation in African American adolescents, along with culturally sensitive and effective prevention efforts. First, we revisit leading suicide theories and their relevance for African American adolescents. Next, we discuss health promotive and protective factors within the context of African American youth development. We also critique the current status of suicide risk assessment and prevention for African American adolescents. Then, we present a heuristic model of suicide risk and resilience for African American adolescents that considers their development within a hegemonic society. Finally, we recommend future directions for African American adolescent suicidology.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1548-5951\par }
{\f1\fs22 Robinson, W LaVome\par }
{\f1\fs22 Whipple, Christopher R\par }
{\f1\fs22 Keenan, Kate\par }
{\f1\fs22 Flack, Caleb E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wingate, LaRicka\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Review\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/11/12\par }
{\f1\fs22 Annu Rev Clin Psychol. 2022 May 9;18:359-385. doi: 10.1146/annurev-clinpsy-072220-021819. Epub 2021 Nov 11.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0607971614/annurev-clinpsy-072220-021819.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychology, DePaul University, Chicago, Illinois, USA; email: lrobinso@depaul.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Behavioral Sciences and Education, Pennsylvania State University-Harrisburg, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Neuroscience, University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Educational Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, Wisconsin, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Oklahoma State University, Stillwater, Oklahoma, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Rodr\u237?guez-Quiroga, A.\line %A Flamarique, I.\line %A Castro-Fornieles, J.\line %A Lievesley, K.\line %A Buitelaar, J. K.\line %A Coghill, D.\line %A D\u237?az-Caneja, C. M.\line %A Dittmann, R. W.\line %A Gupta, A.\line %A Hoekstra, P. J.\line %A Kehrmann, L.\line %A Llorente, C.\line %A Purper-Ouakil, D.\line %A Schulze, U. M. E.\line %A Zuddas, A.\line %A Sala, R.\line %A Singh, J.\line %A Fiori, F.\line %A Arango, C.\line %A Santosh, P.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Development and psychometric properties of the "Suicidality: Treatment Occurring in Paediatrics (STOP) Risk and Resilience Factors Scales" in adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Eur Child Adolesc Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 29\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 153-165\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20190503\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Development and psychometric properties of the "Suicidality: Treatment Occurring in Paediatrics (STOP) Risk and Resilience Factors Scales" in adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1018-8827 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1018-8827\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1007/s00787-019-01328-2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 Professor Paramala Santosh is Director & CEO and stockholder in HealthTracker Ltd. Dr. F. Fiori is Chief Technology Officer employed by HealthTracker Ltd. Dr. K. Lievesley is a Programme Manager employed at HealthTracker Ltd. Dr. Rodr\u237?guez-Quiroga has previously held a R\u237?o Hortega grant, Instituto de Salud Carlos III, Spanish Ministry of Economy and Competitiveness. Dr. D\u237?az-Caneja has previously held a R\u237?o Hortega grant, Instituto de Salud Carlos III, Spanish Ministry of Economy and Competitiveness, and a Grant from Fundaci\u243?n Alicia Koplowitz. Dr. Dittmann has received compensation for serving as consultant or speaker, or he or the institution he works for have received research support or royalties from the organizations or companies indicated: EU (FP7 Programme), US National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH), German Federal Ministry of Health/Regulatory Agency (BMG/BfArM), German Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF), German Research Foundation (DFG), Volkswagen Foundation; Boehringer Ingelheim, Ferring, Janssen-Cilag, Lilly, Lundbeck, Otsuka, Servier, Shire, Sunovion/Takeda, and Theravance. Dr. Dittmann owns Eli Lilly stock. Dr. Zuddas has been a consultant to or has received honoraria or grants from EU (FP7 Programme), Angelini, Lundbeck, Janssen, Roche, Servier, Shire, Takeda, and Vifor. Prof. Coghill reports grants and personal fees from Shire, personal fees from Janssen-Cilag, personal fees from Lilly, grants and personal fees from Vifor, personal fees from Novartis, personal fees from Flynn Pharma, personal fees from Medice, and personal fees from Oxford University Press, outside the submitted work. Dr. Arango has been a consultant to or has received honoraria or grants from Acadia, Abbot, AMGEN, AstraZeneca, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Janssen-Cilag, Lundbeck, Merck, Otsuka, Pfizer, Roche, Servier, Sumitomo-Dainippon Pharma, Shire, Takeda, Teva, and Schering Plough. Dr Purper-Ouakil has been consultant for Shire, Boiron, and Mensia, and has received honoraria or travel grants from Shire, Otsuka, Medice, Jannssen-Cilag, and Ardix. None of the other authors have any conflicts of interest or disclosures to declare. Part of these data have been included in an FP7 STOP Report to the European Union.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC7024696\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 31054125\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychometrics/*methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 Reproducibility of Results\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 Children\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychosocial\par }
{\f1\fs22 Questionnaire development and validation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidality\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Suicidality in the child and adolescent population is a major public health concern. There is, however, a lack of developmentally sensitive valid and reliable instruments that can capture data on risk, and clinical and psychosocial mediators of suicidality in young people. In this study, we aimed to develop and assess the validity of instruments evaluating the psychosocial risk and protective factors for suicidal behaviours in the adolescent population. In Phase 1, based on a systematic literature review of suicidality, focus groups, and expert panel advice, the risk factors and protective factors (resilience factors) were identified and the adolescent, parent, and clinician versions of the STOP-Suicidality Risk Factors Scale (STOP-SRiFS) and the Resilience Factors Scale (STOP-SReFS) were developed. Phase 2 involved instrument validation and comprised of two samples (Sample 1 and 2). Sample 1 consisted of 87 adolescents, their parents/carers, and clinicians from the various participating centres, and Sample 2 consisted of three sub-samples: adolescents (n\u8201?=\u8201?259) who completed STOP-SRiFS and/or the STOP-SReFS scales, parents (n\u8201?=\u8201?213) who completed one or both of the scales, and the clinicians who completed the scales (n\u8201?=\u8201?254). The STOP-SRiFS demonstrated a good construct validity-the Cronbach Alpha for the adolescent (\u945?\u8201?=\u8201?0.864), parent (\u945?\u8201?=\u8201?0.842), and clinician (\u945?\u8201?=\u8201?0.722) versions of the scale. Test-retest reliability, inter-rater reliability, and content validity were good for all three versions of the STOP-SRiFS. The sub-scales generated using Exploratory Factor Analysis (EFA) were the (1) anxiety and depression risk, (2) substance misuse risk, (3) interpersonal risk, (4) chronic risk, and (5) risk due to life events. For the STOP-SRiFS, statistically significant correlations were found between the Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS) total score and the adolescent, parent, and clinical versions of the STOP-SRiFS sub-scale scores. The STOP-SRiFS showed good psychometric properties. This study demonstrated a good construct validity for the STOP-SReFS-the Cronbach Alpha for the three versions were good (adolescent: \u945?\u8201?=\u8201?0.775; parent: \u945?\u8201?=\u8201?0.808; \u945?\u8201?=\u8201?clinician: 0.808). EFA for the adolescent version of the STOP-SReFS, which consists of 9 resilience factors domains, generated two factors (1) interpersonal resilience and (2) cognitive resilience. The STOP-SReFS Cognitive Resilience sub-scale for the adolescent was negatively correlated (r\u8201?=\u8201?-\u160?0.275) with the C-SSRS total score, showing that there was lower suicidality in those with greater Cognitive Resilience. The STOP-SReFS Interpersonal resilience sub-scale correlations were all negative, but none of them were significantly different to the C-SSRS total scores for either the adolescent, parent, or clinician versions of the scales. This is not surprising, because the items in this sub-scale capture a much larger time-scale, compared to the C-SSRS rating period. The STOP-SReFS showed good psychometric properties. The STOP-SRiFS and STOP-SReFS are instruments that can be used in future studies about suicidality in children and adolescents.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1435-165x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rodr\u237?guez-Quiroga, A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Flamarique, I\par }
{\f1\fs22 Castro-Fornieles, J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lievesley, K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Buitelaar, J K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Coghill, D\par }
{\f1\fs22 D\u237?az-Caneja, C M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dittmann, R W\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gupta, A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hoekstra, P J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kehrmann, L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Llorente, C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Purper-Ouakil, D\par }
{\f1\fs22 Schulze, U M E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zuddas, A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sala, R\par }
{\f1\fs22 Singh, J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fiori, F\par }
{\f1\fs22 Arango, C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Santosh, Paramala\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-4830-5893\par }
{\f1\fs22 STOP Consortium\par }
{\f1\fs22 261411/FP7 Health/\par }
{\f1\fs22 (S2010/BMD-2422 AGES)/Instituto de Salud Carlos III/\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/05/06\par }
{\f1\fs22 Eur Child Adolesc Psychiatry. 2020 Feb;29(2):153-165. doi: 10.1007/s00787-019-01328-2. Epub 2019 May 3.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U http://diposit.ub.edu/dspace/bitstream/2445/170995/1/695465.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2361123329/Rodr\u237?guez-Quiro-2020-Development and psychomet.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Child and Adolescent Psychiatry Department, Instituto de Investigaci\u243?n Sanitaria Gregorio Mara\u241?\u243?n (IiSGM), School of Medicine, Hospital General Universitario Gregorio Mara\u241?\u243?n, CIBERSAM, Universidad Complutense, Madrid, Spain.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child and Adolescent Psychiatry and Psychology Department, 2014SGR489, Institute Clinic of Neurosciences, Hospital Clinic of Barcelona, CIBERSAM, Barcelona, Spain.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Centro de Investigaci\u243?n Biom\u233?dica en Red de Salud Mental, CIBERSAM, Madrid, Spain.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry and Clinical Psychology, University of Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology and Neurosciences, King's College London, London, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 HealthTracker Ltd, Gillingham, Kent, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Cognitive Neuroscience, Donders Institute for Brain, Cognition and Behaviour, Radboud University Medical Centre, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Karakter Child and Adolescent Psychiatry University Centre, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Paediatrics and Psychiatry, School of Medicine, Dentistry and Health Sciences, University of Melbourne, Melbourne, Australia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Murdoch Children's Research Institute, Melbourne, Australia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Division of Neuroscience, School of Medicine, University of Dundee, Dundee, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Paediatric Psychopharmacology, Department of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, Central Institute of Mental Health (CIMH), Medical Faculty Mannheim, University of Heidelberg, Mannheim, Germany.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Paediatric Respiratory Medicine, Kings College Hospital NHS Foundation Trust, Denmark Hill, London, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Paediatric Respiratory Medicine, Kings College London, London, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, University Medical Center Groningen, University of Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands.\par }
{\f1\fs22 H\u244?pital Saint Eloi, M\u233?decine Psychologique de l'Enfant et de l'Adolescent, CHRU Montpellier, Montpellier, France.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry/Psychotherapy, University of Ulm, Ulm, Germany.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child and Adolescent Neuropsychiatry Unit, Department of Biomedical Sciences, University of Cagliari, Cagliari, Italy.\par }
{\f1\fs22 "A. Cao" Paediatric Hospital, "G. Brotzu" Hospital Trust, Cagliari University Hospital, Cagliari, Italy.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Centre for Interventional Paediatric Psychopharmacology and Rare Diseases, South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust, London, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology and Neurosciences, King's College London, London, UK. paramala.1.santosh@kcl.ac.uk.\par }
{\f1\fs22 HealthTracker Ltd, Gillingham, Kent, UK. paramala.1.santosh@kcl.ac.uk.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Centre for Interventional Paediatric Psychopharmacology and Rare Diseases, South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust, London, UK. paramala.1.santosh@kcl.ac.uk.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Rosellini, A. J.\line %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Benedek, D. M.\line %A Bliese, P. D.\line %A Chiu, W. T.\line %A Hwang, I.\line %A Monahan, J.\line %A Nock, M. K.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Street, A. E.\line %A Zaslavsky, A. M.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Predeployment predictors of psychiatric disorder-symptoms and interpersonal violence during combat deployment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Depress Anxiety\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 35\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 11\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1073-1080\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20180813\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Nov\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Predeployment predictors of psychiatric disorder-symptoms and interpersonal violence during combat deployment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1091-4269 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1091-4269\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/da.22807\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 Conflict of interest disclosures: Dr. Stein has been a consultant for Care Management Technologies, received payment for his editorial work from UpToDate and Depression and Anxiety, and had research support for pharmacological imaging studies from Janssen. Dr. Monahan is a co-owner of the Classification of Violence Risk (COVR), Inc. In the past 3 years, Dr. Kessler received support for his epidemiological studies from Sanofi Aventis; was a consultant for Johnson & Johnson Wellness and Prevention, Shire, Takeda; and served on an advisory board for the Johnson & Johnson Services Inc. Lake Nona Life Project. Kessler is a co-owner of DataStat, Inc., a market research firm that carries out healthcare research. The remaining authors report nothing to disclose.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC6212319\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS978890\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 30102442\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Afghanistan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Machine Learning\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Disorders/*epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Models, Theoretical\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment/*methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Violence/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 army\par }
{\f1\fs22 deployment\par }
{\f1\fs22 mental disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 military\par }
{\f1\fs22 predictive modeling\par }
{\f1\fs22 risk assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 violence\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Preventing suicides, mental disorders, and noncombat-related interpersonal violence during deployment are priorities of the US Army. We used predeployment survey and administrative data to develop actuarial models to identify soldiers at high risk of these outcomes during combat deployment. METHODS: The models were developed in the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS) Pre-Post Deployment Study, a panel study of soldiers deployed to Afghanistan in 2012-2013. Soldiers completed self-administered questionnaires before deployment and one (T1), three (T2), and nine months (T3) after deployment, and consented to administrative data linkage. Seven during-deployment outcomes were operationalized using the postdeployment surveys. Two overlapping samples were used because some outcomes were assessed at T1 (n\u160?=\u160?7,048) and others at T2-T3 (n\u160?=\u160?7,081). Ensemble machine learning was used to develop a model for each outcome from 273 predeployment predictors, which were compared to simple logistic regression models. RESULTS: The relative improvement in area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) obtained by machine learning compared to the logistic models ranged from 1.11 (major depression) to 1.83 (suicidality).The best-performing machine learning models were for major depression (AUC\u160?=\u160?0.88), suicidality (0.86), and generalized anxiety disorder (0.85). Roughly 40% of these outcomes occurred among the 5% of soldiers with highest predicted risk. CONCLUSIONS: Actuarial models could be used to identify high risk soldiers either for exclusion from deployment or preventive interventions. However, the ultimate value of this approach depends on the associated costs, competing risks (e.g. stigma), and the effectiveness to-be-determined interventions.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1520-6394\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rosellini, Anthony J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Benedek, David M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bliese, Paul D\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chiu, Wai Tat\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hwang, Irving\par }
{\f1\fs22 Monahan, John\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nock, Matthew K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Street, Amy E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zaslavsky, Alan M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-4831-2305\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2018/08/14\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depress Anxiety. 2018 Nov;35(11):1073-1080. doi: 10.1002/da.22807. Epub 2018 Aug 13.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6212319/pdf/nihms978890.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3490799846/Rosellini-2018-Predeployment predictors of psy.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Center for Anxiety and Related Disorders, Boston University, Boston, Massachusetts.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Departments of Psychiatry and Family Medicine and Public Health, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, California.\par }
{\f1\fs22 VA San Diego Healthcare System, San Diego, California.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Department of Psychiatry, Uniformed Services University School of Medicine, Bethesda, Maryland.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Darla Moore School of Business, University of South Carolina, Columbia, South Carolina.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Law, University of Virginia, Charlottesville, Virginia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts.\par }
{\f1\fs22 National Center for PTSD, VA Boston Healthcare System, Boston, Massachusetts.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Boston University School of Medicine, Boston, Massachusetts.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Rossetti, M. C.\line %A Tosone, A.\line %A Stratta, P.\line %A Collazzoni, A.\line %A Santarelli, V.\line %A Guadagni, E.\line %A Rossi, R.\line %A Rossi, A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Different roles of resilience in depressive patients with history of suicide attempt and no history of suicide attempt\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Braz J Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 39\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 216-219\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20170522\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jul-Sep\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Different roles of resilience in depressive patients with history of suicide attempt and no history of suicide attempt\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1516-4446 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1516-4446\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1590/1516-4446-2016-2045\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 The authors report no conflicts of interest.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC7111383\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 28538755\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/complications/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotions\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Interpersonal Relations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Protective Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/prevention & control/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVE: Suicidal ideation is modulated by several risk and protective factors. The aim of this study was to evaluate differences between patients with a history of suicide attempt and those with no such history, with special attention to depression, interpersonal sensitivity, humiliation, and resilience. METHODS: One hundred consecutively admitted patients with an index depressive episode were recruited. The Brief Symptom Inventory, Humiliation Inventory, and Resilience Scale for Adult were administered. RESULTS: Scores for humiliation, interpersonal sensitivity, and depression were higher in subjects with history of suicide attempt, while higher scores for resilience were observed in the group with no such history. Different patterns of relationships among the variables of interest were found in the two groups. Resilience dimensions such as social resources and familial cohesion were strongly and negatively correlated with humiliation, interpersonal sensitivity, and depression in subjects with a past suicide attempt. CONCLUSIONS: Resilience factors can modulate and reduce the impact of suicide risk. Assessing risk and protective factors could enhance the ability to intervene appropriately.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1809-452x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rossetti, Maria C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tosone, Adele\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stratta, Paolo\par }
{\f1\fs22 Collazzoni, Alberto\par }
{\f1\fs22 Santarelli, Valeria\par }
{\f1\fs22 Guadagni, Elisabetta\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rossi, Rodolfo\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rossi, Alessandro\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2017/05/26\par }
{\f1\fs22 Braz J Psychiatry. 2017 Jul-Sep;39(3):216-219. doi: 10.1590/1516-4446-2016-2045. Epub 2017 May 22.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7111383/pdf/bjp-39-03-216.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3416851285/Rossetti-2017-Different roles of resilience in.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ U.O.C. Psichiatria, Ospedale Civile San Salvatore, L'Aquila, Italy.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dipartimento di Salute Mentale ASL 1, L'Aquila, Italy.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dipartimento di Scienze Cliniche Applicate e Biotecnologiche, Universita degli Studi dell'Aquila, L'Aquila, Italy.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Roy, A.\line %A Carli, V.\line %A Sarchiapone, M.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2011\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience mitigates the suicide risk associated with childhood trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Affect Disord\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 133\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 591-4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20110531\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Oct\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience mitigates the suicide risk associated with childhood trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-0327\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jad.2011.05.006\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 21621850\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult Survivors of Child Abuse/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child Abuse/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Cultural Comparison\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prisoners/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Substance-Related Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVE: We wished to examine whether resilience might be a protective factor in relation to suicidal behavior. METHOD: To do this resilience was examined in relation to childhood trauma, a well established risk factor for suicidal behavior, in two samples. In a preliminary sample 20 abstinent substance abuse patients who had attempted suicide were matched for age and their score on the Childhood Trauma Questionnaire (CTQ) with 20 substance abuse patients who had never attempted suicide. The two age and CTQ matched attempter (N=20) and non-attempter (N=20) groups were then compared for their scores on the Connor-Davidson Resilience Scale (CD-RISC). In the second sample 166 prisoners who had attempted suicide were matched for age and their scores on the CTQ with 166 prisoners who had never attempted suicide. These two age and CTQ matched attempter (N=166)and non-attempter (N=166) groups were similarly compared for their CD-RISC resilience scores. RESULTS: In the preliminary substance abuse sample, patients who had never attempted suicide (N=20) had significantly higher mean CD-RISC resilience scores than the age and CTQ matched patients who had attempted suicide (N=20). Similarly in the prisoner sample, those who had never attempted suicide (N=166) had significantly higher CD-RISC resilience scores than the age and CTQ matched prisoners who had attempted suicide (N=166). CONCLUSIONS: The results from these two studies suggest that resilience may be a protective factor mitigating the risk of suicidal behavior associated with childhood trauma.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1573-2517\par }
{\f1\fs22 Roy, Alec\par }
{\f1\fs22 Carli, Vladimir\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sarchiapone, Marco\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Netherlands\par }
{\f1\fs22 2011/05/31\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Affect Disord. 2011 Oct;133(3):591-4. doi: 10.1016/j.jad.2011.05.006. Epub 2011 May 31.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Psychiatry Service, Department of Veterans Affairs, New Jersey Healthcare System, 385 Tremont Avenue, East Orange, NJ 070818, USA. Alec.Roy@va.gov\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Roy, A.\line %A Sarchiapone, M.\line %A Carli, V.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2007\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Low resilience in suicide attempters\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Arch Suicide Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 11\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 265-9\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Low resilience in suicide attempters\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1381-1118 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1381-1118\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/13811110701403916\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 17558611\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K *Adaptation, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Attitude\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Personality\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Resilience is an important personality feature that is thought to be protective against the development of psychiatric disorder. However, it appears not to have been previously examined directly in relation to suicidal behavior. Therefore, with the recent development of a resilience scale, the purpose of this preliminary study was to examine resilience in relation to attempting suicide. In order to do this 100 abstinent substance dependent patients were interviewed about whether or not they had ever attempted suicide and completed the Connor-Davidson Resilience Scale. The results showed that patients who had attempted suicide (N=41) had significantly lower resilience scale scores than patients who had never attempted suicide (N=59). This suggests the possibility that low resilience may be a risk factor for suicidal behavior. Longitudinal studies among suicide attempters, including measures of depression, may further evaluate the possible relevance of resilience to suicidal behavior.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Roy, Alec\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sarchiapone, Marco\par }
{\f1\fs22 Carli, Vladimir\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2007/06/15\par }
{\f1\fs22 Arch Suicide Res. 2007;11(3):265-9. doi: 10.1080/13811110701403916.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Alec Roy, Psychiatry Service, New Jersey VA Healthcare System, East Orange, New Jersey 07018, USA, and Department of Psychiatry, University of Molise, Campobasso, Italy. Alec.Roy@med.va.gov\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Roy, A.\line %A Sarchiapone, M.\line %A Carli, V.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2007\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Low resilience in suicide attempters: relationship to depressive symptoms\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Depress Anxiety\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 24\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 273-4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Low resilience in suicide attempters: relationship to depressive symptoms\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1091-4269 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1091-4269\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/da.20265\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 17120225\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Depressive Disorder/*diagnosis/epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health Status\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Logistic Models\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Personality Inventory/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatric Status Rating Scales/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Substance-Related Disorders/diagnosis/epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Roy, Alec\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sarchiapone, Marco\par }
{\f1\fs22 Carli, Vladimir\par }
{\f1\fs22 Comparative Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 Letter\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2006/11/23\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depress Anxiety. 2007;24(4):273-4. doi: 10.1002/da.20265.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Rutter, P. A.\line %A Freedenthal, S.\line %A Osman, A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2008\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Assessing protection from suicidal risk: psychometric properties of the suicide resilience inventory\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Death Stud\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 32\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 142-53\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Assessing protection from suicidal risk: psychometric properties of the suicide resilience inventory\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0748-1187 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0748-1187\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/07481180701801295\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 18693384\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotions\par }
{\f1\fs22 Factor Analysis, Statistical\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Psychiatric Status Rating Scales\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Psychometrics\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X This study investigated psychometric properties of the Suicide Resilience Inventory-25 (SRI-25) in a diverse sample of 239 college students. Participants completed the SRI-25, Beck Hopelessness Scale (BHS), Suicidal Ideation Questionnaire, and the Multidimensional Scale of Perceived Social Support (MSPSS). Confirmatory factor analysis supported the 3 dimensions described by SRI-25 authors (A. Osman et al., 2004): internal protective, emotional stability, and external protective. Correlations with the BHS (r = - .68) and SIQ (r = - .67) supported the scale's validity, although the external protective subscale and MSPSS were only moderately correlated (r = .47). Overall, the SRI-25's reliability and validity support its use in suicide research. Implications for exploring young adults' resilience in the face of suicidal thoughts via clinical interview or administration of the SRI-25 are discussed as they create an opportunity to potentially infuse hope, tap into strengths, and identify avenues for positive change.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Rutter, Philip A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Freedenthal, Stacey\par }
{\f1\fs22 Osman, Augustine\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2008/08/13\par }
{\f1\fs22 Death Stud. 2008;32(2):142-53. doi: 10.1080/07481180701801295.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ University of Colorado at Denver and Health Sciences Center, Counseling Psychology & Counselor Education, P.O. Box 177364, Campus Box 106, Denver, CO 80217, USA. phil.rutter@cudenver.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W HSR\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Thesis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Sarcia, Nancy Lynn\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The relationship between professional quality life, coping mechanisms, and mental fortitude\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I ProQuest Information & Learning\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 81\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The relationship between professional quality life, coping mechanisms, and mental fortitude\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2020-31777-014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K professional\par }
{\f1\fs22 quality life\par }
{\f1\fs22 mechanisms\par }
{\f1\fs22 mental fortitude\par }
{\f1\fs22 Coping Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Occupational Stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 Policy Making\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sympathy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Communities\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family Relations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The health and mental fortitude of individuals enforcing policy and law is important to communities, agencies, and families. This helping profession is plagued by high suicide rates, maladaptive coping, and other negative health-related ailments. The present study used the DRS 15-R, ProQOL, RS-14, and BriefCOPE scales across 315 participants in order to investigate coping mechanisms and professional quality of life facets among individuals enforcing policy and law. It revealed multiple statistically significant relationships using multiple linear regression, hierarchical linear regression, and binary logistic regression. Emotion-focused coping techniques and compassion satisfaction both possessed statistically significant direct relationships with resilience and hardiness. Less productive coping techniques and burnout both exhibited statistically significant indirect relationships with hardiness. Burnout and less productive coping practices showed statistically significant indirect relationships with resilience. Compassion satisfaction exhibited a statistically significant direct relationship with rigid control, and burnout showed a statistically significant indirect relationship. Secondary traumatic stress symptoms were found to have a statistically significant indirect relationship with rigid control. The results may be used by law enforcement to manage stress in healthier ways which can benefit families, as well as decrease sick time, maladaptive patterns escalating into self-harm, and the intangible and tangible costs of workforce turnover rates. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 2020-31777-014. Other Journal Title: Dissertation Abstracts International. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Sarcia, Nancy Lynn; Walden University, Public Policy and Administration, US. Release Date: 20200629. Publication Type: Dissertation Abstract (0400). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Dissertation. Dissertation Number: AAI27832593. ISBN: 979-8607304263. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Coping Behavior; Occupational Stress; Policy Making; Resilience (Psychological); Sympathy. Minor Descriptor: Communities; Family Relations; Mental Health. Classification: Industrial & Organizational Psychology (3600). Population: Human (10). Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2020-31777-014&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Schoenbaum, M.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\line %A Gilman, S. E.\line %A Colpe, L. J.\line %A Heeringa, S. G.\line %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Cox, K. L.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Predictors of suicide and accident death in the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS): results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B JAMA Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 71\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 5\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 493-503\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 May\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Predictors of suicide and accident death in the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS): results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 2168-622X (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 2168-622x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2013.4417\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC4124912\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS591927\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 24590048\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Accidents, Occupational/prevention & control/*psychology/*trends\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Afghan Campaign 2001-\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cause of Death/trends\par }
{\f1\fs22 Combat Disorders/mortality/prevention & control/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Forecasting\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Incidence\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Iraq War, 2003-2011\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/*psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment/*methods/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Statistics as Topic\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/mortality/prevention & control/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/prevention & control/*psychology/*trends\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X IMPORTANCE: The Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS) is a multicomponent study designed to generate actionable recommendations to reduce Army suicides and increase knowledge of risk and resilience factors for suicidality. OBJECTIVES: To present data on prevalence, trends, and basic sociodemographic and Army experience correlates of suicides and accident deaths among active duty Regular Army soldiers between January 1, 2004, and December 31, 2009, and thereby establish a foundation for future Army STARRS investigations. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Analysis of trends and predictors of suicide and accident deaths using Army and Department of Defense administrative data systems. Participants were all members of the US Regular Army serving at any time between 2004 and 2009. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Death by suicide or accident during active Army service. RESULTS: The suicide rate rose between 2004 and 2009 among never deployed and currently and previously deployed Regular Army soldiers. The accident death rate fell sharply among currently deployed soldiers, remained constant among the previously deployed, and trended upward among the never deployed. Increased suicide risk was associated with being a man (or a woman during deployment), white race/ethnicity, junior enlisted rank, recent demotion, and current or previous deployment. Sociodemographic and Army experience predictors were generally similar for suicides and accident deaths. Time trends in these predictors and in the Army's increased use of accession waivers (which relaxed some qualifications for new soldiers) do not explain the rise in Army suicides. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Predictors of Army suicides were largely similar to those reported elsewhere for civilians, although some predictors distinct to Army service emerged that deserve more in-depth analysis. The existence of a time trend in suicide risk among never-deployed soldiers argues indirectly against the view that exposure to combat-related trauma is the exclusive cause of the increase in Army suicides.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 2168-6238\par }
{\f1\fs22 Schoenbaum, Michael\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gilman, Stephen E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Colpe, Lisa J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Heeringa, Steven G\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cox, Kenneth L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Army STARRS Collaborators\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2014/03/05\par }
{\f1\fs22 JAMA Psychiatry. 2014 May;71(5):493-503. doi: 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2013.4417.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapsychiatry/articlepdf/1835337/yoi130111.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0510227534/Schoenbaum-2014-Predictors of suicide and acci.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Schweitzer, Carol L. Schnabl\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience revisited: What ministers need to know about borderline personality disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Pastoral Psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 64\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 5\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 727-749\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience revisited: What ministers need to know about borderline personality disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0031-2789\par }
{\f1\fs22 1573-6679\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1007/s11089-014-0626-0\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2014-51115-001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Abandonment fears\par }
{\f1\fs22 Borderline personality disorder\par }
{\f1\fs22 Compassion\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dialectical behavior therapy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotional instability\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mindfulness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rage\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resistance\par }
{\f1\fs22 Retaliation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resourcefulness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Intervention\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lay Religious Personnel\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fear\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X This article presents a summary of current research on borderline personality disorder and examines interventions that work as well as the consequences for ministers and congregations when they attempt to help individuals struggling with borderline personality disorder. I use primarily the works of Blaise Aguirre, Gillian Galen, Randi Kreger, Christine Lawson, Joel Paris, Kimberlee Roth, and Freda Friedman\u8212?as well as the published life stories of Caroline Kraus and Kiera Van Gelder as illustrative case studies of women who have documented their struggles with the disorder. I argue that resilience and resourcefulness in the lives of these individuals often present as anger, manipulation, and retaliation directed at ministers. This is especially the case when ministers and parish members attempt to set healthy boundaries with these individuals whose fears of abandonment are triggered when a healthy boundary feels like a failure of empathy. I also argue that the misguided resourcefulness of people with borderline personality disorder is a strength that may help them make the journey toward healthy relationships. I demonstrate that it is possible to help these individuals and members of their families move from reactions of rejection and retaliation to responses of resilience and resourcefulness if interventions occur early in the development of the disorder. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Union Presbyterian Seminary, Richmond, VA, US. Release Date: 20141124. Correction Date: 20150914. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Borderline Personality Disorder; Emotional Instability; Intervention; Lay Religious Personnel; Mindfulness. Minor Descriptor: Fear; Dialectical Behavior Therapy. Classification: Personality Disorders (3217). Population: Human (10). Page Count: 23. Issue Publication Date: Oct, 2015. Publication History: First Posted Date: Nov 6, 2014. Copyright Statement: Springer Science+Business Media New York. 2014.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2014-51115-001&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 cschweitzer@upsem.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11089-014-0626-0\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Schweitzer, Carol L. Schnabl, Union Presbyterian Seminary, 3401 Brook Road, Richmond, VA, US, 23227\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Shahram, S. Z.\line %A Smith, M. L.\line %A Ben-David, S.\line %A Feddersen, M.\line %A Kemp, T. E.\line %A Plamondon, K.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Promoting "Zest for Life": A Systematic Literature Review of Resiliency Factors to Prevent Youth Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Res Adolesc\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 31\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 4-24\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Promoting "Zest for Life": A Systematic Literature Review of Resiliency Factors to Prevent Youth Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1050-8392 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1050-8392\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1111/jora.12588\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC7986824\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 33665921\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adaptation, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Protective Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide/prevention & control\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Suicide is a leading cause of death among youth globally. In this critical interpretive synthesis, we examined literature on resiliency factors and suicidality. Systematic searches identified 474 articles, 37 of which were included. Results revealed internal (positive self-appraisal, zest for life, personal traits, and coping skills) and external factors (social support system and inclusive environments) contribute to resilience among youth, with age, sex and gender, and Indigenous identity as important intersecting considerations. Findings validated fostering resilience as primary suicide prevention among youth, with little explanation for how these factors may work to protect youth from suicidality. Continued research in this area requires a focus on how to promote resilience at the community and systems levels.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1532-7795\par }
{\f1\fs22 Shahram, Sana Z\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-6398-0961\par }
{\f1\fs22 Smith, Michelle L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-2686-3915\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ben-David, Shelly\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-7582-2565\par }
{\f1\fs22 Feddersen, Melissa\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kemp, Thomas E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Plamondon, Katrina\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-2817-0621\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 Review\par }
{\f1\fs22 Systematic Review\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/03/06\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Res Adolesc. 2021 Mar;31(1):4-24. doi: 10.1111/jora.12588.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7986824/pdf/JORA-31-4.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1064478877/Shahram-2021-Promoting _Zest for Life__ A Syst.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ University of British Columbia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Interior Health.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Book Section\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Shakespeare-Finch, Jane\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2013\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Promoting resilience and posttraumatic growth in physicians\par }
{\f1\fs22 %E Figley, Charles\line %E Huggard, Peter\line %E Rees, Charlotte E.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B First do no self-harm: Understanding and promoting physician stress resilience.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %C New York, NY\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I Oxford University Press\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 265-280\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Promoting resilience and posttraumatic growth in physicians\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 978-0-19-538326-3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1093/acprof:oso/9780195383263.003.0015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2013-31132-015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 posttraumatic growth\par }
{\f1\fs22 physicians\par }
{\f1\fs22 salutogenic theory\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health Promotion\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychological Theories\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Across the lifespan, traumatic experiences are common; more people experience such events than not. Within the context of being a medical professional, trauma may result from a direct experience (e.g., in a person's personal life) but may also occur vicariously. For example, a medical professional may be traumatized during the course of their employ as they come to the aid of a trauma survivor. Although there can be long-term negative sequelae for trauma survivors (e.g., PTSD, depression), the majority of people who experience trauma, vicariously or otherwise, are resilient to long-term effects, and some people grow or develop beyond their pre-event level of functioning. Therefore, in addition to interest in antecedents and correlates of pathology, research examining the predictors and correlates of resilience and growth has gained notable attention. This chapter discusses the fundamental assumptions of the salutogenic theory. Salutogenisis refers to the study of the origins of health and to that end has a goal to determine factors involved in promoting and maintaining health. The chapter then goes on to describe posttraumatic growth, a term used to denote positive posttrauma changes, as well as resilience, including discussion of the similarities and differences between these two constructs. The chapter then identifies ways of promoting growth and resilience in medical professionals. It concludes with discussion of ways in which individuals can enhance their potential for growth and also of ways in which the organization they work for can best facilitate and promote resilience and growth in its employees. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 2013-31132-015. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Shakespeare-Finch, Jane; School of Psychology & Counselling, Institute of Health & Biomedical Innovation, Queensland University of Technology, Brisbane, QLD, Australia. Release Date: 20130930. Correction Date: 20200713. Publication Type: Book (0200), Edited Book (0280). Format Covered: Print. Document Type: Chapter. ISBN: 978-0-19-538326-3, ISBN Hardcover. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Health Promotion; Physicians; Resilience (Psychological); Posttraumatic Growth. Minor Descriptor: Psychological Theories. Classification: Professional Personnel Attitudes & Characteristics (3430). Population: Human (10). Intended Audience: Psychology: Professional & Research (PS). Tests & Measures: Posttraumatic Growth Inventory DOI: 10.1037/t03776-000. References Available: Y. Page Count: 16.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2013-31132-015&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0003-4237-1320\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Shapero, B. G.\line %A Farabaugh, A.\line %A Terechina, O.\line %A DeCross, S.\line %A Cheung, J. C.\line %A Fava, M.\line %A Holt, D. J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Understanding the effects of emotional reactivity on depression and suicidal thoughts and behaviors: Moderating effects of childhood adversity and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Affect Disord\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 245\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 419-427\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20181105\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb 15\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Understanding the effects of emotional reactivity on depression and suicidal thoughts and behaviors: Moderating effects of childhood adversity and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-0327\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jad.2018.11.033\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 30423470\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult Survivors of Child Adverse Events/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Emotions\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self Report\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Childhood trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotional reactivity\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adulthood\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Early adulthood is a period of increased risk for depression and suicide. Emotional reactivity (a tendency to react to stress with increases in negative affect and maladaptive interpretations of events) is an important risk factor for these outcomes that has been under-studied. We hypothesized that elevated emotional reactivity would be associated with higher levels of depressive symptoms and suicidal thoughts and behaviors. Further, we hypothesized that experiences of childhood maltreatment would amplify this relationship, whereas the presence of resilience would act as a buffer. METHODS: 1703 young adults (Mean Age\u8239?=\u8239?19.56 years), 71% female) completed well-validated self-report questionnaires at a single time point. RESULTS: Higher emotional reactivity was directly associated with higher levels of depressive symptoms and suicidal thoughts and behaviors. Further, resilience levels significantly moderated the relationships between emotional reactivity and depressive symptoms and suicidal thoughts and behaviors. Finally, childhood trauma significantly moderated the relationship between emotional reactivity and suicidal thoughts and behaviors only. LIMITATIONS: This study was cross-sectional in design and relied upon self-report measures only. CONCLUSIONS: The current study demonstrates an association between emotional reactivity, depressive symptoms, and suicidal thoughts and behaviors during emerging adulthood. Whereas a history of childhood maltreatment may amplify the relationship between emotional reactivity, depression, and suicidal thoughts and behaviors, certain qualities associated with resilience may buffer against the effects of emotional reactivity. Future studies can identify the resilience-promoting factors that are most protective and develop and test interventions that can potentially augment those factors.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1573-2517\par }
{\f1\fs22 Shapero, Benjamin G\par }
{\f1\fs22 Farabaugh, Amy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Terechina, Olga\par }
{\f1\fs22 DeCross, Stephanie\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cheung, Joey C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fava, Maurizio\par }
{\f1\fs22 Holt, Daphne J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 Netherlands\par }
{\f1\fs22 2018/11/14\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Affect Disord. 2019 Feb 15;245:419-427. doi: 10.1016/j.jad.2018.11.033. Epub 2018 Nov 5.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0407961809/1-s2.0-S0165032718316483-main.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Massachusetts General Hospital, Department of Psychiatry, One Bowdoin Square, 6th Floor, Boston, MA 02114, United States; Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, United States. Electronic address: bgshapero.phd@gmail.com.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Massachusetts General Hospital, Department of Psychiatry, One Bowdoin Square, 6th Floor, Boston, MA 02114, United States; Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, United States.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Massachusetts General Hospital, Department of Psychiatry, One Bowdoin Square, 6th Floor, Boston, MA 02114, United States.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Sher, L.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience as a focus of suicide research and prevention\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Acta Psychiatr Scand\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 140\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 169-180\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20190620\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Aug\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience as a focus of suicide research and prevention\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0001-690x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1111/acps.13059\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 31150102\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Community Mental Health Services/*organization & administration\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Incidence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Protective Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychology/methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress, Psychological/*epidemiology/psychology/therapy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*prevention & control/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 public health\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Suicide is a major medical and social problem. Decades of suicide research have mostly focused on risk factors for suicidal behaviour while overlooking protective factors such as resilience that may help to address this important public health issue. Resilience is the capacity and dynamic process of adaptively overcoming stress and adversity while maintaining normal psychological and physical functioning. Studies conducted over the past 10-15\u160?years suggest that resilience is a protective factor against suicide risk. Resilience is becoming a focus of suicide research and prevention. Building resilience should be a part of universal, selective, and indicated suicide prevention interventions. Promoting resilience may reduce suicide risk in the general population, in groups at elevated suicide risk, and among high-risk individuals. Building resilience in the general population may reduce the incidence of stress-related disorders and, consequently, suicidal behaviour. Improving resilience should be a part of a treatment plan of every psychiatric patient. Mental health professionals will probably have the best success in reducing suicide risk in psychiatric patients if they actively concentrate on increasing stress resilience using both psychosocial and pharmacological interventions. It is critically important to move forward the development of pharmacological and psychological interventions for enhancing resilience.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1600-0447\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sher, L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-7729-3222\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/06/01\par }
{\f1\fs22 Acta Psychiatr Scand. 2019 Aug;140(2):169-180. doi: 10.1111/acps.13059. Epub 2019 Jun 20.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ James J. Peters VA Medical Center, Bronx, NY, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Sher, L.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Primary and secondary resilience to stress-related disorders and suicidal behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Aust N Z J Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 54\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 108\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20190913\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jan\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Primary and secondary resilience to stress-related disorders and suicidal behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0004-8674\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1177/0004867419876698\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 31516021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Stress Disorders, Traumatic\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Stress, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1440-1614\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sher, Leo\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-7729-3222\par }
{\f1\fs22 Letter\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/09/14\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aust N Z J Psychiatry. 2020 Jan;54(1):108. doi: 10.1177/0004867419876698. Epub 2019 Sep 13.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/0004867419876698\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3989356745/Sher-2020-Primary and secondary resilience to.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ James J. Peters VA Medical Center, Bronx, NY, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Siegmann, P.\line %A Teismann, T.\line %A Fritsch, N.\line %A Forkmann, T.\line %A Glaesmer, H.\line %A Zhang, X. C.\line %A Brailovskaia, J.\line %A Margraf, J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience to suicide ideation: A cross-cultural test of the buffering hypothesis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Clin Psychol Psychother\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 25\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P e1-e9\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20170829\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jan\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience to suicide ideation: A cross-cultural test of the buffering hypothesis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1063-3995\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/cpp.2118\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 28853242\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 China\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Cross-Cultural Comparison\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depressive Disorder/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Germany\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Longitudinal Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Personal Satisfaction\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self Efficacy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 life satisfaction\par }
{\f1\fs22 mental health\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-efficacy\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Depression and suicide ideation are common in student populations across the world. The present study investigated factors buffering the association between depression and suicide ideation. A total of 2,687 Chinese students and 601 German students took part in the investigation. Social support, satisfaction with life, self-efficacy, psychosocial stress resistance, and positive mental health were considered as resilience factors moderating the association between depressive symptoms and suicide ideation within both samples. Positive mental health moderated the impact of depressive symptoms on suicide ideation in German and Chinese students. Life satisfaction moderated the impact of depressive symptoms on suicide ideation in German students. Social support moderated the impact of depressive symptoms on suicide ideation in Chinese students. No interaction effects were found for self-efficacy and psychosocial stress resistance. Positive mental health, satisfaction with life, and perceived social support seem to confer resilience and should be taken into account, when assessing individuals for suicide risk.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1099-0879\par }
{\f1\fs22 Siegmann, Paula\par }
{\f1\fs22 Teismann, Tobias\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-6498-7356\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fritsch, Nathalie\par }
{\f1\fs22 Forkmann, Thomas\par }
{\f1\fs22 Glaesmer, Heide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zhang, Xiao Chi\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-1243-4925\par }
{\f1\fs22 Brailovskaia, Julia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Margraf, J\u252?rgen\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2017/08/31\par }
{\f1\fs22 Clin Psychol Psychother. 2018 Jan;25(1):e1-e9. doi: 10.1002/cpp.2118. Epub 2017 Aug 29.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Clinical Psychology and Psychotherapy, Ruhr-Universit\u228?t Bochum, Germany.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Institute of Medical Psychology and Medical Sociology, University Hospital of RWTH Aachen University, Germany.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Medical Psychology and Medical Sociology, University Leipzig, Germany.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Siegmann, P.\line %A Willutzki, U.\line %A Fritsch, N.\line %A Nyhuis, P.\line %A Wolter, M.\line %A Teismann, T.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Positive mental health as a moderator of the association between risk factors and suicide ideation/behavior in psychiatric inpatients\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychiatry Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 273\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 678-684\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20190129\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Positive mental health as a moderator of the association between risk factors and suicide ideation/behavior in psychiatric inpatients\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-1781\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.psychres.2019.01.091\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 31207852\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult Survivors of Child Abuse/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Affect\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hospitals, Psychiatric\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Inpatients/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self Concept\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Childhood maltreatment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hopelessness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Perceived burdensomeness\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X In recent studies positive mental health has been shown as a resilience factor related to suicide ideation/behavior. It is not known if positive mental health buffers the effect of various risk factors (depression, perceived burdensomeness, hopelessness, childhood maltreatment) on suicide ideation/behavior in psychiatric inpatients-a high risk population. A total of 100 psychiatric inpatients were included in the survey. Four hierarchical regression analyses were conducted to examine, whether positive mental health moderates the association between the four risks factors and suicide ideation/behavior. Positive mental health was shown to moderate the association between perceived burdensomeness and suicide ideation/behavior. The association between the other three risk factors and suicide ideation/behavior was not moderated by positive mental health. Given the cross-sectional nature of the data, conclusions on causality cannot be drawn. The buffering effect of positive mental health suggests that positive mental health may improve the identification of individuals at risk of suicide ideation/behavior and may be an important area to target in the prevention and treatment of individuals at risk of suicide. Further research is needed.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1872-7123\par }
{\f1\fs22 Siegmann, Paula\par }
{\f1\fs22 Willutzki, Ulrike\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fritsch, Nathalie\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nyhuis, Peter\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wolter, Marcus\par }
{\f1\fs22 Teismann, Tobias\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ireland\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/06/19\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry Res. 2019 Mar;273:678-684. doi: 10.1016/j.psychres.2019.01.091. Epub 2019 Jan 29.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Mental Health Research and Treatment Center, Department of Psychology, Ruhr-Universit\u228?t Bochum, Germany. Electronic address: paula.siegmann@rub.de.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department for Psychology and Psychotherapy, Universit\u228?t Witten/Herdecke, Witten, Germany.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health Research and Treatment Center, Department of Psychology, Ruhr-Universit\u228?t Bochum, Germany.\par }
{\f1\fs22 St. Marien-Hospital Eickel, Herne, Germany.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Simons, J. S.\line %A Simons, R. M.\line %A Walters, K. J.\line %A Keith, J. A.\line %A O'Brien, C.\line %A Andal, K.\line %A Stoltenberg, S. F.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Nexus of despair: A network analysis of suicidal ideation among veterans\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Arch Suicide Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 24\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N sup1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 314-336\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20190324\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Nexus of despair: A network analysis of suicidal ideation among veterans\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1381-1118 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1381-1118\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/13811118.2019.1574689\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 Declarations of interest: none.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC7206527\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS1572344\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 30734645\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adverse Childhood Experiences/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Alcoholism/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bullying/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Models, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychological Distress\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychological Trauma/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sexual Harassment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Veterans/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 War Exposure\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 alcohol\par }
{\f1\fs22 emotion regulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 network analysis\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-control\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 traumatic stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The objective of this study was to estimate a network model of risk and resilience factors of suicidal ideation among veterans. Two network models of suicidal ideation among Operation Iraqi Freedom/Operation Enduring Freedom/Operation New Dawn veterans (N\u8201?=\u8201?276) incorporated key disorders, traumatic stress, and resilience constructs to contextualize suicidal ideation. Childhood trauma was positively connected with suicidal ideation and harassment and inversely connected with social support and distress tolerance. This exemplifies long-lasting associations between childhood trauma and re-victimization, emotion regulation, and ability to form supportive social relationships. A subsequent model including lower-order facets indicated that combat trauma was predominantly associated with posttraumatic stress disorder-intrusion symptoms. This study highlights the importance of addressing both risk and resilience to reduce suicide risk among veterans and increases understanding of factors that contribute to suicidal ideation.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1543-6136\par }
{\f1\fs22 Simons, Jeffrey S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Simons, Raluca M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Walters, Kyle J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Keith, Jessica A\par }
{\f1\fs22 O'Brien, Carol\par }
{\f1\fs22 Andal, Kate\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stoltenberg, Scott F\par }
{\f1\fs22 R01 AA020519/AA/NIAAA NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/02/09\par }
{\f1\fs22 Arch Suicide Res. 2020;24(sup1):314-336. doi: 10.1080/13811118.2019.1574689. Epub 2019 Mar 24.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7206527/pdf/nihms-1572344.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1211886888/Simons-2020-Nexus of despair_ A network analys.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ The University of South Dakota, Vermillion, South Dakota.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sioux Falls VA Health Care System, Sioux Falls, South Dakota.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bay Pines VA Health Care System.\par }
{\f1\fs22 The University of Nebraska - Lincoln, Lincoln, Nebraska.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Sinyor, M.\line %A Roberts, L.\line %A Spittal, M. J.\line %A Niederkrotenthaler, T.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Suicide and resilience-related Google searches during the first 12 months of the COVID-19 pandemic\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Affect Disord\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 303\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 203-205\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20220211\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Apr 15\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Suicide and resilience-related Google searches during the first 12 months of the COVID-19 pandemic\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-0327\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jad.2022.02.021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 35151679\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K *covid-19\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pandemics\par }
{\f1\fs22 SARS-CoV-2\par }
{\f1\fs22 Search Engine\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Online searches related to suicide may sometimes be an early proxy indicator for behavioural outcomes. We used interrupted time series regression analyses to examine changes in suicide and resilience-related Google searches worldwide and in the United States during the first 12 months of the COVID-19 pandemic. Searches for the word "suicide" were unchanged worldwide (-1%; 95%CI, -12%-11%) and in the US (-7%; 95%CI, -15%-2%) with decreased searches for "suicide methods" and increased searches for "how to kill yourself" and for resilience-related terms. This study provides potential evidence that suicides may not increase worldwide during the first year of the pandemic.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1573-2517\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sinyor, Mark\par }
{\f1\fs22 Roberts, Leo\par }
{\f1\fs22 Spittal, Matthew J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Niederkrotenthaler, Thomas\par }
{\f1\fs22 Letter\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 Netherlands\par }
{\f1\fs22 2022/02/14\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Affect Disord. 2022 Apr 15;303:203-205. doi: 10.1016/j.jad.2022.02.021. Epub 2022 Feb 11.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0165032722001677?via%3Dihub\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0933423954/0706743720933426.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychiatry, Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, Toronto, Ontario, Canada; Department of Psychiatry, University of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Electronic address: mark.sinyor@sunnybrook.ca.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Centre for Mental Health, Melbourne School of Population and Global Health, University of Melbourne, Melbourne, VIC, Australia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Center for Public Health, Department of Social and Preventive Medicine, Unit Suicide Research and Mental Health Promotion, Medical University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Sinyor, M.\line %A Spittal, M. J.\line %A Niederkrotenthaler, T.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Changes in Suicide and Resilience-related Google Searches during the Early Stages of the COVID-19 Pandemic\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Can J Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 65\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 10\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 741-743\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20200611\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Oct\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Changes in Suicide and Resilience-related Google Searches during the Early Stages of the COVID-19 Pandemic\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0706-7437 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0706-7437\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1177/0706743720933426\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 Declaration of Conflicting Interests: The author(s) declared potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article: Dr. Sinyor declares that he has received in-kind assistance from Google Canada in developing a website to deliver a free youth health literacy curriculum.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC7502879\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 32524848\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Covid-19\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Coronavirus Infections\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Information Seeking Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Internet/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Pandemics\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Pneumonia, Viral\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Google Trends\par }
{\f1\fs22 anxiety\par }
{\f1\fs22 depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 online searches\par }
{\f1\fs22 pandemic\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 survival\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1497-0015\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sinyor, Mark\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-7756-2584\par }
{\f1\fs22 Spittal, Matthew J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Niederkrotenthaler, Thomas\par }
{\f1\fs22 Letter\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 2020/06/12\par }
{\f1\fs22 Can J Psychiatry. 2020 Oct;65(10):741-743. doi: 10.1177/0706743720933426. Epub 2020 Jun 11.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7502879/pdf/10.1177_0706743720933426.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3419606401/Sinyor-2020-Changes in Suicide and Resilience-.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychiatry, Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, Toronto, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, University of Toronto, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Centre for Mental Health, Melbourne School of Population and Global Health, University of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Unit Suicide Research & Mental Health Promotion, Department of Social and Preventive Medicine, Center for Public Health, Medical University of Vienna, Austria.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Slade, K.\line %A Edelman, R.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Can theory predict the process of suicide on entry to prison? Predicting dynamic risk factors for suicide ideation in a high-risk prison population\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Crisis\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 35\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 82-9\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Can theory predict the process of suicide on entry to prison? Predicting dynamic risk factors for suicide ideation in a high-risk prison population\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0227-5910\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1027/0227-5910/a000236\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 24197488\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 England/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Internal-External Control\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Models, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prisoners/*psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychological Theory\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Risk Assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress, Psychological/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wales/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cry of Pain model\par }
{\f1\fs22 prison\par }
{\f1\fs22 remand\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Each year approximately 110,000 people are imprisoned in England and Wales and new prisoners remain one of the highest risk groups for suicide across the world. The reduction of suicide in prisoners remains difficult as assessments and interventions tend to rely on static risk factors with few theoretical or integrated models yet evaluated. AIMS: To identify the dynamic factors that contribute to suicide ideation in this population based on Williams and Pollock's (2001) Cry of Pain (CoP) model. METHOD: New arrivals (N = 198) into prison were asked to complete measures derived from the CoP model plus clinical and prison-specific factors. It was hypothesized that the factors of the CoP model would be predictive of suicide ideation. RESULTS: Support was provided for the defeat and entrapment aspects of the CoP model with previous self-harm, repeated times in prison, and suicide-permissive cognitions also key in predicting suicide ideation for prisoners on entry to prison. CONCLUSION: An integrated and dynamic model was developed that has utility in predicting suicide in early-stage prisoners. Implications for both theory and practice are discussed along with recommendations for future research.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 2151-2396\par }
{\f1\fs22 Slade, Karen\par }
{\f1\fs22 Edelman, Robert\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Canada\par }
{\f1\fs22 2013/11/08\par }
{\f1\fs22 Crisis. 2014;35(2):82-9. doi: 10.1027/0227-5910/a000236.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ <location>Division of Psychology, Nottingham Trent University, Nottingham, UK</location>\par }
{\f1\fs22 <location>Department of Psychology, University of Roehampton, London, UK</location>\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Smith, H. P.\line %A Power, J.\line %A Usher, A. M.\line %A Sitren, A. H.\line %A Slade, K.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Working with prisoners who self-harm: A qualitative study on stress, denial of weakness, and encouraging resilience in a sample of correctional staff\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Crim Behav Ment Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 29\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 7-17\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20190104\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Working with prisoners who self-harm: A qualitative study on stress, denial of weakness, and encouraging resilience in a sample of correctional staff\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0957-9664\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/cbm.2103\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 30609122\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prisoners/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Qualitative Research\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior/*prevention & control\par }
{\f1\fs22 corrections\par }
{\f1\fs22 inmates\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 staff resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Rates of self-harm are high among prisoners. Most research focuses on the vulnerable prisoner, and there is little on the impact of these behaviours on staff. AIMS: To investigate staff perceptions of self-harming behaviours by prisoners, including their views on its causes, manifestation, prevention in institutions, and impact on them. METHODS: Semistructured interviews were conducted with 20 administrative and 21 therapeutic prison staff who are responsible in various ways for prisoners who self-harm. Their narratives were explored using interpretative phenomenological analysis. RESULTS: Despite prison staff being experienced with prisoners' self-harming behaviours, including severe acts of self-harm, they were apt to reject any negative impact on their own mental health or well-being. This denial of negative impact was accompanied by perceptions of the inmate's actions being manipulative and attention seeking. Prison staff also perceived institutional responses to self-harming behaviours by prisoners as being mixed, ambiguous, or showing preference for relying on existing suicide protocols rather than task-specific guidance. CONCLUSIONS: Although staff gave explanations of prisoner self-harm in terms of "manipulative behaviour," prisoners' self-harm is, in fact, complex, challenging, and often severe. This staff perception may reflect denial of impact of often distressing behaviours on them personally and their own coping mechanisms. This could be feeding in to a perceived lack of clear and effective institutional responses to the self-harm, so further research is needed to determine how staff could broaden their views, and respond more effectively to prisoners. Psychologically informed group work and/or reflective practice are among the candidates for such help for staff.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1471-2857\par }
{\f1\fs22 Smith, Hayden P\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0001-5000-5094\par }
{\f1\fs22 Power, Jenelle\par }
{\f1\fs22 Usher, Amelia M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sitren, Alicia H\par }
{\f1\fs22 Slade, Karen\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/01/05\par }
{\f1\fs22 Crim Behav Ment Health. 2019 Feb;29(1):7-17. doi: 10.1002/cbm.2103. Epub 2019 Jan 4.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Criminology & Criminal Justice, University of South Carolina, Columbia, SC, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Carleton University, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Ryerson University, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Criminology & Criminal Justice, University of North Florida, Jacksonville, FL, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 College of Business Law and Social Sciences, School of Social Sciences, Nottingham Trent University, Nottingham, UK.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Smith, H. P.\line %A Power, J.\line %A Usher, A. M.\line %A Sitren, A. H.\line %A Slade, K.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Working with prisoners who self-harm: A qualitative study on stress, denial of weakness, and encouraging resilience in a sample of correctional staff\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Criminal Behaviour and Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 29\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 7-17\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Working with prisoners who self-harm: A qualitative study on stress, denial of weakness, and encouraging resilience in a sample of correctional staff\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O Crim. Behav. Ment. Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0957-9664\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/cbm.2103\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000457227900002\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K corrections\par }
{\f1\fs22 inmates\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 staff resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 injurious behaviors\par }
{\f1\fs22 interventions\par }
{\f1\fs22 prevention\par }
{\f1\fs22 offenders\par }
{\f1\fs22 people\par }
{\f1\fs22 risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 Criminology & Penology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background Rates of self-harm are high among prisoners. Most research focuses on the vulnerable prisoner, and there is little on the impact of these behaviours on staff. Aims To investigate staff perceptions of self-harming behaviours by prisoners, including their views on its causes, manifestation, prevention in institutions, and impact on them. Methods Semistructured interviews were conducted with 20 administrative and 21 therapeutic prison staff who are responsible in various ways for prisoners who self-harm. Their narratives were explored using interpretative phenomenological analysis. Results Despite prison staff being experienced with prisoners' self-harming behaviours, including severe acts of self-harm, they were apt to reject any negative impact on their own mental health or well-being. This denial of negative impact was accompanied by perceptions of the inmate's actions being manipulative and attention seeking. Prison staff also perceived institutional responses to self-harming behaviours by prisoners as being mixed, ambiguous, or showing preference for relying on existing suicide protocols rather than task-specific guidance. Conclusions Although staff gave explanations of prisoner self-harm in terms of "manipulative behaviour," prisoners' self-harm is, in fact, complex, challenging, and often severe. This staff perception may reflect denial of impact of often distressing behaviours on them personally and their own coping mechanisms. This could be feeding in to a perceived lack of clear and effective institutional responses to the self-harm, so further research is needed to determine how staff could broaden their views, and respond more effectively to prisoners. Psychologically informed group work and/or reflective practice are among the candidates for such help for staff.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: HJ5NG\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 10\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 56\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      Amir M, 1998, ACTA PSYCHIAT SCAND, V98, P237, DOI 10.1111/j.1600-0447.1998.tb10074.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      ASCA: Association of State Correctional Administrators, 2018, HOM\par }
{\f1\fs22      *ATL TI, 1997, KNOWL WORKB\par }
{\f1\fs22      Awa WL, 2010, PATIENT EDUC COUNS, V78, P184, DOI 10.1016/j.pec.2009.04.008\par }
{\f1\fs22      Berg, 1989, QUALITATIVE RES METH\par }
{\f1\fs22      Blackburn R, 1996, PSYCHOL ASSESSMENT, V8, P76, DOI 10.1037/1040-3590.8.1.76\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bohl N., 1991, CRITICAL INCIDENTS P, P31\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bohl N, 1995, FIRE ENG, P125\par }
{\f1\fs22      BROMLEY J, 1995, J INTELL DISABIL RES, V39, P341, DOI 10.1111/j.1365-2788.1995.tb00526.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Campfield KM, 2001, J TRAUMA STRESS, V14, P327, DOI 10.1023/A:1011117018705\par }
{\f1\fs22      Carli V, 2010, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V123, P116, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2010.02.119\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cartwright S., 2005, HDB WORK STRESS, P607, DOI DOI 10.4135/9781412975995.N26\par }
{\f1\fs22      Daffern M, 2012, INT J OFFENDER THER, V56, P401, DOI 10.1177/0306624X11404183\par }
{\f1\fs22      Daffern M, 2010, J FORENSIC PSYCHI PS, V21, P426, DOI 10.1080/14789940903505951\par }
{\f1\fs22      Edwards D, 2003, J ADV NURS, V42, P169, DOI 10.1046/j.1365-2648.2003.02600.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Everly G S Jr, 1999, Int J Emerg Ment Health, V1, P165\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ewers P, 2002, J ADV NURS, V37, P470, DOI 10.1046/j.1365-2648.2002.02115.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Favazza A. R., 1999, HARVARD MED SCH GUID, P125\par }
{\f1\fs22      Favazza AR, 1998, J NERV MENT DIS, V186, P259, DOI 10.1097/00005053-199805000-00001\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ferdik F., 2014, CRIMINAL JUSTICE STU, V24, P1\par }
{\f1\fs22      Fish R. M., 2000, J FORENSIC PSYCHIATR, V4, P193, DOI DOI 10.1177/146900470000400302\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gamble S. J., 1994, NEW ENGL PSYCH ASS C\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hawton K, 2014, LANCET, V383, P1147, DOI 10.1016/S0140-6736(13)62118-2\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hopkins Clare, 2002, J Psychiatr Ment Health Nurs, V9, P147, DOI 10.1046/j.1365-2850.2002.00473.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Howard League for Penal Reform, 1999, SCRATCH SURF HIDD PR\par }
{\f1\fs22      Jenkins R, 1997, J INTELL DISABIL RES, V41, P502, DOI 10.1111/j.1365-2788.1997.tb00743.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kenning C, 2010, CRIM BEHAV MENT HEAL, V20, P274, DOI 10.1002/cbm.777\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kielsberg E., 2007, ACTA PSYCHIAT SCAND, V99, P243, DOI [10.1111/j.1600-0447.1999.tb07219.x, DOI 10.1111/J.1600-0447.1999.TB07219.X]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Klonsky ED, 2007, CLIN PSYCHOL REV, V27, P226, DOI 10.1016/j.cpr.2006.08.002\par }
{\f1\fs22      MADEN A, 1994, BRIT J CRIMINOL, V34, P172, DOI 10.1093/oxfordjournals.bjc.a048401\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mangnall Jacqueline, 2010, J Forensic Nurs, V6, P88, DOI 10.1111/j.1939-3938.2010.01072.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mann K, 2009, ADV HEALTH SCI EDUC, V14, P595, DOI 10.1007/s10459-007-9090-2\par }
{\f1\fs22      Martin M. S., 2017, TRAUMA INFORM CARE O, pR\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mitchell J T, 1983, JEMS, V8, P36\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mitchell J. T., 1993, CRITICAL INCIDENT ST\par }
{\f1\fs22      Moore E, 2011, CRIM BEHAV MENT HEAL, V21, P63, DOI 10.1002/cbm.795\par }
{\f1\fs22      Office for National Statistics, 1997, MORT STAT INJ POIS 1\par }
{\f1\fs22      Power J., 2010, QUALITATIVE STUDY SE\par }
{\f1\fs22      Power J, 2016, PERSONAL DISORD, V7, P309, DOI 10.1037/per0000177\par }
{\f1\fs22      Power J, 2013, INT J FORENSIC MENT, V12, P192, DOI 10.1080/14999013.2013.832442\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ruck S, 2013, J FORENSIC PRACT, V15, P281, DOI 10.1108/JFP-09-2012-0018\par }
{\f1\fs22      Sakelliadis EI, 2010, EUR PSYCHIAT, V25, P151, DOI 10.1016/j.eurpsy.2009.07.014\par }
{\f1\fs22      Short V, 2009, J FORENSIC PSYCHI PS, V20, P408, DOI 10.1080/14789940802377114\par }
{\f1\fs22      Simeon D, 2001, CLIN PRAC, P1\par }
{\f1\fs22      Smith HP, 2015, JUSTICE Q, V32, P500, DOI 10.1080/07418825.2013.779387\par }
{\f1\fs22      Smith HP, 2011, CRIM JUSTICE BEHAV, V38, P26, DOI 10.1177/0093854810385886\par }
{\f1\fs22      Smith J.A., 2008, QUALITATIVE PSYCHOL, P53, DOI DOI 10.4135/9781848607927.N11\par }
{\f1\fs22      Smith J.A., 2009, INTERPRETATIVE PHENO\par }
{\f1\fs22      Strauss AL., 1987, QUALITATIVE ANAL SOC, DOI [10.1017/CBO9780511557842, DOI 10.1017/CB09780511557842, DOI 10.1017/CBO9780511557842]\par }
{\f1\fs22      The Howard League for Penal Reform, 2001, SUIC SELF HARM PRP S\par }
{\f1\fs22      van der Klink JJL, 2001, AM J PUBLIC HEALTH, V91, P270, DOI 10.2105/AJPH.91.2.270\par }
{\f1\fs22      Walsh B.W., 1988, SELF MUTILATION THEO\par }
{\f1\fs22      WATTS D, 1994, BRIT J PSYCHIAT, V164, P11, DOI 10.1192/bjp.164.1.11\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wilstrand C, 2007, J PSYCHIATR MENT HLT, V14, P72\par }
{\f1\fs22      Young MH, 2006, J FORENSIC SCI, V51, P156, DOI 10.1111/j.1556-4029.2005.00023.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zapf D., 2002, HUMAN RESOURCE MANAG, V12, P237, DOI DOI 10.1016/S1053-4822(02)00048-7\par }
{\f1\fs22 Smith, Hayden P. Power, Jenelle Usher, Amelia M. Sitren, Alicia H. Slade, Karen\par }
{\f1\fs22 Smith, Hayden/AAK-8534-2020; Slade, Karen/P-2426-2019; Lorente, Rosa/AAL-5850-2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 Slade, Karen/0000-0002-7442-4805;\par }
{\f1\fs22 10\par }
{\f1\fs22 0\par }
{\f1\fs22 21\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wiley\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hoboken\par }
{\f1\fs22 1471-2857\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000457227900002\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Smith, Hayden P.] Univ South Carolina, Dept Criminol & Criminal Justice, Columbia, SC USA. [Power, Jenelle] Carleton Univ, Dept Psychol, Ottawa, ON, Canada. [Usher, Amelia M.] Ryerson Univ, Dept Psychol, Toronto, ON, Canada. [Sitren, Alicia H.] Univ North Florida, Dept Criminol & Criminal Justice, Jacksonville, FL USA. [Slade, Karen] Nottingham Trent Univ, Sch Social Sci, Coll Business Law & Social Sci, Nottingham, England.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Smith, HP (corresponding author), Univ South Carolina, 1305 Greene St, Columbia, SC 29205 USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 smithhp@mailbox.sc.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Smith, Hayden P.\line %A Power, Jenelle\line %A Usher, Amelia M.\line %A Sitren, Alicia H.\line %A Slade, Karen\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Working with prisoners who self\u8208?harm: A qualitative study on stress, denial of weakness, and encouraging resilience in a sample of correctional staff\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Criminal Behaviour and Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 29\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 7-17\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Working with prisoners who self\u8208?harm: A qualitative study on stress, denial of weakness, and encouraging resilience in a sample of correctional staff\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0957-9664\par }
{\f1\fs22 1471-2857\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/cbm.2103\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2019-00793-001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K corrections\par }
{\f1\fs22 inmates\par }
{\f1\fs22 self\u8208? harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 staff resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prisoners\par }
{\f1\fs22 Qualitative Research\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Coping Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Corrections Officers\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background: Rates of self\u8208?harm are high among prisoners. Most research focuses on the vulnerable prisoner, and there is little on the impact of these behaviours on staff. Aims: To investigate staff perceptions of self\u8208?harming behaviours by prisoners, including their views on its causes, manifestation, prevention in institutions, and impact on them. Methods: Semistructured interviews were conducted with 20 administrative and 21 therapeutic prison staff who are responsible in various ways for prisoners who self\u8208?harm. Their narratives were explored using interpretative phenomenological analysis. Results: Despite prison staff being experienced with prisoners' self\u8208?harming behaviours, including severe acts of self-harm, they were apt to reject any negative impact on their own mental health or well\u8208?being. This denial of negative impact was accompanied by perceptions of the inmate's actions being manipulative and attention seeking. Prison staff also perceived institutional responses to self\u8208?harming behaviours by prisoners as being mixed, ambiguous, or showing preference for relying on existing suicide protocols rather than task\u8208?specific guidance. Conclusions: Although staff gave explanations of prisoner self\u8208?harm in terms of 'manipulative behaviour,' prisoners' self\u8208?harm is, in fact, complex, challenging, and often severe. This staff perception may reflect denial of impact of often distressing behaviours on them personally and their own coping mechanisms. This could be feeding in to a perceived lack of clear and effective institutional responses to the self-harm, so further research is needed to determine how staff could broaden their views, and respond more effectively to prisoners. Psychologically informed group work and/or reflective practice are among the candidates for such help for staff. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Department of Criminology & Criminal Justice, University of South Carolina, Columbia, SC, US. Release Date: 20190110. Correction Date: 20200604. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Prisoners; Resilience (Psychological); Self-Injurious Behavior. Minor Descriptor: Coping Behavior; Corrections Officers. Classification: Criminal Rehabilitation & Penology (3386). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: US. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300). Methodology: Empirical Study; Interview; Qualitative Study. Page Count: 11. Issue Publication Date: Feb, 2019. Publication History: Accepted Date: Nov 27, 2018; Revised Date: Mar 23, 2018; First Submitted Date: Sep 13, 2017. Copyright Statement: John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. 2019.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2019-00793-001&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0001-5000-5094\par }
{\f1\fs22 smithhp@mailbox.sc.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Smith, Hayden P., University of South Carolina, 1305 Greene St, Columbia, SC, US, 29205\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Smith, N. B.\line %A Mota, N.\line %A Tsai, J.\line %A Monteith, L.\line %A Harpaz-Rotem, I.\line %A Southwick, S. M.\line %A Pietrzak, R. H.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2016\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Nature and determinants of suicidal ideation among U.S. veterans: Results from the national health and resilience in veterans study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Affect Disord\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 197\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 66-73\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20160302\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jun\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Nature and determinants of suicidal ideation among U.S. veterans: Results from the national health and resilience in veterans study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-0327\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jad.2016.02.069\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 26970267\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cohort Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prevalence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prospective Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Protective Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Substance-Related Disorders/epidemiology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Veterans/*psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Longitudinal time points\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nationally representative veteran sample\par }
{\f1\fs22 Protective and risk factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Suicidal thoughts and behaviors among U.S. military veterans are a major public health concern. To date, however, scarce data are available regarding the nature and correlates of suicidal ideation (SI) among U.S. veterans. This study evaluated the prevalence and correlates of suicidal ideation in a contemporary, nationally representative, 2-year prospective cohort study. METHOD: Data were analysed from a total of 2157 U.S. veterans who participated in the National Health and Resilience Veterans Study (NHRVS; Wave 1 conducted in 2011; Wave 2 in 2013). Veterans completed measures assessing SI, sociodemographic characteristics, and potential risk and protective correlates. RESULTS: The majority of veterans (86.3%) denied SI at either time point, 5.0% had SI onset (no SI at Wave 1, SI at Wave 2), 4.9% chronic SI (SI at Waves 1 and 2), and 3.8% had remitted SI (SI at Wave 1, no SI Wave 2). Greater Wave 1 psychiatric distress was associated with increased likelihood of chronic SI (relative risk ratio [RRR]=3.72), remitted SI (RRR=3.38), SI onset (RRR=1.48); greater Wave 1 physical health difficulties were additionally associated with chronic SI (RRR=1.64) and SI onset (RRR=1.47); and Wave 1 substance abuse history was associated with chronic SI (RRR 1.57). Greater protective psychosocial characteristics (e.g., resilience, gratitude) at Wave 1 were negatively related to SI onset (RRR=0.57); and greater social connectedness at Wave 1, specifically perceived social support and secure attachment style, was negatively associated with SI onset (RRR=0.75) and remitted SI (RRR=0.44), respectively. LIMITATIONS: Suicidal ideation was assessed using a past two-week timeframe, and the limited duration of follow-up precludes conclusions regarding more dynamic changes in SI over time. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that a significant minority (13.7%) of U.S. veterans has chronic, onset, or remitted SI. Prevention and treatment efforts designed to mitigate psychiatric and physical health difficulties, and bolster social connectedness and protective psychosocial characteristics may help mitigate risk for SI.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1573-2517\par }
{\f1\fs22 Smith, Noelle B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mota, Natalie\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tsai, Jack\par }
{\f1\fs22 Monteith, Lindsey\par }
{\f1\fs22 Harpaz-Rotem, Ilan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Southwick, Steven M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pietrzak, Robert H\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Netherlands\par }
{\f1\fs22 2016/03/13\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Affect Disord. 2016 Jun;197:66-73. doi: 10.1016/j.jad.2016.02.069. Epub 2016 Mar 2.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs National Center for PTSD , VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven, CT, USA; Department of Psychiatry, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT, USA. Electronic address: Noelle.smith2@va.gov.\par }
{\f1\fs22 U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs National Center for PTSD , VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven, CT, USA; Department of Psychiatry, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT, USA; New England Mental Illness, Research, Education, and Clinical Center, VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven, CT, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Denver VA Medical Center, Rocky Mountain MIRECC, Denver, CO, USA; Department of Psychiatry, University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus, Aurora, CO, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs National Center for PTSD , VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven, CT, USA; Department of Psychiatry, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT, USA; VA Northeast Program Evaluation Center, West Haven, CT, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Sojer, P.\line %A Kainbacher, S.\line %A H\u252?fner, K.\line %A Freudenthaler, H.\line %A Kemmler, G.\line %A Deisenhammer, E. A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The Association of Intrapersonal Trait Emotional Intelligence and Resilience with Suicidal Ideation in University Students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychiatr Danub\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 33\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 298-305\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Fall\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The Association of Intrapersonal Trait Emotional Intelligence and Resilience with Suicidal Ideation in University Students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0353-5053 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0353-5053\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.24869/psyd.2021.298\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 34795170\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Emotional Intelligence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Universities\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Suicidal ideation is not restricted to psychiatric patients. To the contrary, it is not uncommon in the general population and constitutes a precursor for suicide attempts and completed suicides. While risk factors for suicidality have extensively been described, much less attention has been devoted to the investigation of protective factors. In the current study we investigated two of such potential protective factors in combination, namely trait emotional intelligence (EI) and resilience in a sample of university students. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: We recruited 277 university students without an active physical or mental disorder requiring medical attention via an online questionnaire and assessed lifetime and four-week suicidal ideation. Resilience was measured with the Connor-Davidson Resilience Scale, EI with the Self-report Emotional Ability Scale and stressful life events with the Social Readjustment Rating Scale. Logistic regression was used to investigate the effect of EI and resilience on lifetime and four-week suicidal ideation. RESULTS: Resilience as well as intrapersonal trait EI factors were significantly lower in individuals who reported lifetime suicidal ideation. The regression analysis revealed the EI facet "Regulation of one's own emotions" and the resilience factor "Control" to be significant predictors of lifetime and/or four-week suicidal ideation. Neither trait EI nor resilience had a moderating effect on the relationship between life events and suicidality. CONCLUSIONS: Low intrapersonal EI and low resilience are associated with lifetime and, in part, four-week suicidal ideation.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Sojer, Patricia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kainbacher, Susanne\par }
{\f1\fs22 H\u252?fner, Katharina\par }
{\f1\fs22 Freudenthaler, Heribert\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kemmler, Georg\par }
{\f1\fs22 Deisenhammer, Eberhard A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Croatia\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/11/20\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatr Danub. 2021 Fall;33(3):298-305. doi: 10.24869/psyd.2021.298.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2131846032/Sojer-2021-The Association of Intrapersonal Tr.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychiatry I, Medical University of Innsbruck, Anichstrasse 35, A-6020 Innsbruck, Austria, patricia.sojer@tirol-kliniken.at.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Soltan, F.\line %A Cristofalo, D.\line %A Marshall, D.\line %A Purgato, M.\line %A Taddese, H.\line %A Vanderbloemen, L.\line %A Barbui, C.\line %A Uphoff, E.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Community\u8208?based interventions for improving mental health in refugee children and adolescents in high\u8208?income countries\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 5\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Community\u8208?based interventions for improving mental health in refugee children and adolescents in high\u8208?income countries\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1465-1858\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/14651858.CD013657.pub2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M CD013657\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K *Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Refugees\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Anxiety [diagnosis, therapy]\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child\par }
{\f1\fs22 Developed Countries\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Quality of Life\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X - Background An unprecedented number of people around the world are experiencing forced displacement due to natural or man\u8208?made events. More than 50% of refugees worldwide are children or adolescents. In addition to the challenges of settling in a new country, many have witnessed or experienced traumatic events. Therefore, refugee children and adolescents are at risk of developing mental health problems such as post\u8208?traumatic stress disorder, and require appropriate and effective support within communities. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and acceptability of community\u8208?based interventions (RCTs only) in comparison with controls (no treatment, waiting list, alternative treatment) for preventing and treating mental health problems (major depression, anxiety, post\u8208?traumatic stress disorder, psychological distress) and improving mental health in refugee children and adolescents in high\u8208?income countries. Search methods Databases searches included the Cochrane Common Mental Disorders Controlled Trials Register (all available years), CENTRAL/CDSR (2021, Issue 2), Ovid MEDLINE, Embase, six other databases, and two trials registries to 21 February 2021. We checked reference lists of included study reports. Selection criteria Studies of any design were eligible as long as they included child or adolescent refugees and evaluated a community\u8208?based mental health intervention in a high\u8208?income country. At a second stage, we selected randomised controlled trials. Data collection and analysis For randomised controlled trials, we extracted data relating to the study and participant characteristics, and outcome data relating to the results of the trial. For studies using other evaluation methods, we extracted data relating to the study and participant characteristics. W derived evidence on the efficacy and availability of interventions from the randomised controlled trials only. Data were synthesised narratively. Main results We screened 5005 records and sought full\u8208?text manuscripts of 62 relevant records. Three randomised controlled trials were included in this review. Key concerns in the risk of bias assessments included a lack of clarity about the randomisation process, potential for bias is outcome measurement, and risk of bias in the selection of results. Primary outcomes There was no evidence of an effect of community\u8208?based interventions when compared with a waiting list for symptoms of post\u8208?traumatic stress (mean difference (MD) \u8722?1.46, 95% confidence interval (CI) \u8722?6.78 to 3.86: 1 study; low\u8208?certainty evidence), symptoms of depression (MD 0.26, 95% CI \u8722?2.15 to 2.67: 1 study; low\u8208?certainty evidence), and psychological distress (MD \u8722?10.5, 95% CI \u8722?47.94 to 26.94; 1 study; very low\u8208?certainty evidence). There were no data on adverse events. Secondary outcomes Three trials reported on short\u8208?term changes in child behaviour, using different measures, and found no evidence of an effect of the intervention versus a waiting list (low to very low certainty). None of the trials reported on quality of life or well\u8208?being, participation and functioning, or participant satisfaction. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to determine the efficacy and acceptability of community\u8208?based mental health interventions for refugee children and adolescents. Plain language summary Mental health support in the community for refugee children and adolescents in high\u8208?income countries Refugee children and adolescents who have settled in high\u8208?income countries are at risk of mental health problems due to the many challenges they face before, during, and after migration. Key message The evidence to date is not of sufficient quantity or quality to recommend what interventions should be implemented in practice. It is necessary for existing mental health support programmes and interventions for child refugees and asylum seekers to be evaluated so that they can add to the evidence on what works to support mental health in this population. What did we want to find out? We aimed to assess t e evidence for mental health promotion, prevention, and treatment taking place in the community for refugee children and adolescents living in high\u8208?income countries. Some programmes or interventions may focus on mental health promotion (to improve mental health) through community\u8208?building and social support, while others may focus on the treatment of mental health problems with individualised specialist care. What did we do? We searched for studies in online databases and registries on 23 February 2021. Studies of any design were eligible as long as they included child or adolescent refugees aged 18 years or younger and evaluated a community\u8208?based mental health intervention in a high\u8208?income country. What did we find? We included 38 studies with a wide range of study designs, participant characteristics, and interventions. Three studies used a randomised controlled trial design where the treatments people received were decided at random; these usually give the most reliable evidence about treatment effects. We used these studies to assess the effectiveness of interventions and the acceptability as indicated by the occurrence of adverse events. What were the limitations of the evidence? There were important limitations relating to the quality of the included trials. There was no evidence on the acceptability of interventions. Data on effectiveness, relating to symptoms of mental health problems, psychological distress, and behaviour, showed no evidence of a difference in effectiveness between the intervention group and the waiting list control group (where the intervention was not delivered until after participants in the intervention group had completed the treatment) for any of the three studies.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z [Common Mental Disorders]\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/14651858.CD013657.pub2\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Stanley, I. H.\line %A Chu, C.\line %A Gildea, S. M.\line %A Hwang, I. H.\line %A King, A. J.\line %A Kennedy, C. J.\line %A Luedtke, A.\line %A Marx, B. P.\line %A O'Brien, R.\line %A Petukhova, M. V.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Vogt, D.\line %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Predicting suicide attempts among U.S. Army soldiers after leaving active duty using information available before leaving active duty: results from the Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers-Longitudinal Study (STARRS-LS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Mol Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 27\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1631-1639\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20220120\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Predicting suicide attempts among U.S. Army soldiers after leaving active duty using information available before leaving active duty: results from the Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers-Longitudinal Study (STARRS-LS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1359-4184 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1359-4184\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1038/s41380-021-01423-4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 Conflict of Interest Disclosures In the past 3 years, RCK was a consultant for Datastat, Inc., Holmusk, RallyPoint Networks, Inc., and Sage Therapeutics. He has stock options in Mirah, PYM, and Roga Sciences. In the past 3 years MBS received consulting income from Actelion, Acadia Pharmaceuticals, Aptinyx, atai Life Sciences, Boehringer Ingelheim, Bionomics, BioXcel Therapeutics, Clexio, EmpowerPharm, Engrail Therapeutics, GW Pharmaceuticals, Janssen, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, and Roche/Genentech. MBS has stock options in Oxeia Biopharmaceuticals and EpiVario. He is paid for his editorial work on Depression and Anxiety (Editor-in-Chief), Biological Psychiatry (Deputy Editor), and UpToDate (Co-Editor-in-Chief for Psychiatry). The other authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC9106812\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS1763497\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 35058567\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Longitudinal Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Military Personnel\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment/methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self Report\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide, Attempted/prevention & control\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Suicide risk is elevated among military service members who recently transitioned to civilian life. Identifying high-risk service members before this transition could facilitate provision of targeted preventive interventions. We investigated the feasibility of doing this by attempting to develop a prediction model for self-reported suicide attempts (SAs) after leaving or being released from active duty in the Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers-Longitudinal Study (STARRS-LS). This study included two self-report panel surveys (LS1: 2016-2018, LS2: 2018-2019) administered to respondents who previously participated while on active duty in one of three Army STARRS 2011-2014 baseline self-report surveys. We focus on respondents who left active duty >12 months before their LS survey (n\u8201?=\u8201?8899). An ensemble machine learning model using predictors available prior to leaving active duty was developed in a 70% training sample and validated in a 30% test sample. The 12-month self-reported SA prevalence (SE) was 1.0% (0.1). Test sample AUC (SE) was 0.74 (0.06). The 15% of respondents with highest predicted risk included nearly two-thirds of 12-month SAs and over 80% of medically serious 12-month SAs. These results show that it is possible to identify soldiers at high post-transition self-report SA risk before the transition. Future model development is needed to examine prediction of SAs assessed by administrative data and using surveys administered closer to the time of leaving active duty.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1476-5578\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stanley, Ian H\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chu, Carol\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gildea, Sarah M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hwang, Irving H\par }
{\f1\fs22 King, Andrew J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kennedy, Chris J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0001-7444-2766\par }
{\f1\fs22 Luedtke, Alex\par }
{\f1\fs22 Marx, Brian P\par }
{\f1\fs22 O'Brien, Robert\par }
{\f1\fs22 Petukhova, Maria V\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Vogt, Dawne\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0001-9564-2871\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-1861-9173\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-4831-2305\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 T32 MH019836/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2022/01/22\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mol Psychiatry. 2022 Mar;27(3):1631-1639. doi: 10.1038/s41380-021-01423-4. Epub 2022 Jan 20.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9106812/pdf/nihms-1763497.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1853397990/Stanley-2022-Predicting suicide attempts among.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ National Center for PTSD, VA Boston Healthcare System, Boston, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Boston University School of Medicine, Boston, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Minneapolis VA Health Care System, Minneapolis, MN, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, University of Minnesota Medical School, Minneapolis, MN, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Statistics, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Vaccine and Infectious Disease Division, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Seattle, WA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 VA Health Services Research and Development Service, Washington, DC, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Public Health, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 VA San Diego Healthcare System, La Jolla, CA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, MD, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. kessler@hcp.med.harvard.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Stanley, I. H.\line %A Marx, B. P.\line %A Nichter, B.\line %A Pietrzak, R. H.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Non-response to questions about suicide ideation and attempts among veterans: Results from the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Suicide Life Threat Behav\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 52\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 763-772\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20220401\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Aug\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Non-response to questions about suicide ideation and attempts among veterans: Results from the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0363-0234\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1111/sltb.12860\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 35362636\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Self-Injurious Behavior/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Veterans\par }
{\f1\fs22 assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 non-disclosure\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 veterans\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVES: Veterans who decline to provide information on their history of self-injurious thoughts and behaviors (SITBs) may be at elevated suicide risk. We examined associations between non-response to a question assessing lifetime SITBs and proxy variables of suicide risk. METHODS: In this population-based cross-sectional study of 4069 US veterans, responses to the Suicidal Behaviors Questionnaire-Revised were examined to group veterans into one of three categories: (1) denied lifetime SITBs, (2) reported lifetime SITBs, or (3) declined to respond. RESULTS: Overall, 69.5% of veterans denied a SITB history, 29.5% reported a SITB history, and 1.0% declined to provide information regarding SITBs. In adjusted analyses, veterans who declined to provide information on SITBs were significantly more likely than veterans who explicitly denied lifetime SITBs to screen positive for posttraumatic stress disorder; report lifetime non-suicidal self-injury; and report elevated levels of total trauma burden, externalizing behaviors, loneliness, received social support, and provided social support. Across these constructs, veterans who declined to provide SITB information were statistically indistinguishable from veterans who explicitly reported lifetime SITBs. CONCLUSIONS: Veterans who decline to provide information about suicidal thoughts and behaviors may represent a covert group at elevated risk for suicide.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1943-278x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stanley, Ian H\par }
{\f1\fs22 Marx, Brian P\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nichter, Brandon\par }
{\f1\fs22 Pietrzak, Robert H\par }
{\f1\fs22 T32MH019836/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 VA/VA/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2022/04/02\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide Life Threat Behav. 2022 Aug;52(4):763-772. doi: 10.1111/sltb.12860. Epub 2022 Apr 1.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ National Center for PTSD, VA Boston Healthcare System, Boston, Massachusetts, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Boston University School of Medicine, Boston, Massachusetts, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, University of California, San Diego, California, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 National Center for PTSD, VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven, Connecticut, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, Connecticut, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Social and Behavioral Sciences, Yale School of Public Health, New Haven, Connecticut, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Stanley, Ian H.\line %A Marx, Brian P.\line %A Nichter, Brandon\line %A Pietrzak, Robert H.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Non\u8208?response to questions about suicide ideation and attempts among veterans: Results from the national health and resilience in veterans study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Suicide and Life-Threatening Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Non\u8208?response to questions about suicide ideation and attempts among veterans: Results from the national health and resilience in veterans study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0363-0234\par }
{\f1\fs22 1943-278X\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1111/sltb.12860\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2022-51320-001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 non\u8208?disclosure\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 veterans\par }
{\f1\fs22 No terms assigned\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Objectives Veterans who decline to provide information on their history of self\u8208?injurious thoughts and behaviors (SITBs) may be at elevated suicide risk. We examined associations between non\u8208?response to a question assessing lifetime SITBs and proxy variables of suicide risk. Methods In this population\u8208?based cross\u8208?sectional study of 4069 US veterans, responses to the Suicidal Behaviors Questionnaire\u8208?Revised were examined to group veterans into one of three categories: (1) denied lifetime SITBs, (2) reported lifetime SITBs, or (3) declined to respond. Results Overall, 69.5% of veterans denied a SITB history, 29.5% reported a SITB history, and 1.0% declined to provide information regarding SITBs. In adjusted analyses, veterans who declined to provide information on SITBs were significantly more likely than veterans who explicitly denied lifetime SITBs to screen positive for posttraumatic stress disorder; report lifetime non\u8208?suicidal self\u8208?injury; and report elevated levels of total trauma burden, externalizing behaviors, loneliness, received social support, and provided social support. Across these constructs, veterans who declined to provide SITB information were statistically indistinguishable from veterans who explicitly reported lifetime SITBs. Conclusions Veterans who decline to provide information about suicidal thoughts and behaviors may represent a covert group at elevated risk for suicide. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Suicide. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Stanley, Ian H.; Department of Psychiatry, University of California, San Diego, CA, US. Other Publishers: Behavioral Publications; Guilford Publications; Human Sciences Press, Inc. Release Date: 20220404. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: No terms assigned. Classification: Psychological & Physical Disorders (3200). Publication History: Accepted Date: Jan 31, 2022; First Submitted Date: Sep 17, 2021. Copyright Statement: American Association of Suicidology. This article has been contributed to by U.S. Government employees and their work is in the public domain in the USA. 2022.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2022-51320-001&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 istanle1@bu.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Stark, L.\line %A Seff, I.\line %A Yu, G.\line %A Salama, M.\line %A Wessells, M.\line %A Allaf, C.\line %A Bennouna, C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Correlates of Suicide Ideation and Resilience Among Native- and Foreign-Born Adolescents in the United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Adolesc Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 70\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 91-98\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20210817\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jan\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Correlates of Suicide Ideation and Resilience Among Native- and Foreign-Born Adolescents in the United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1054-139x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jadohealth.2021.07.012\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 34412951\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K *Acculturation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Schools\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Violence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Refugees\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X PURPOSE: Nearly 20% of U.S. adolescents have considered suicide. Yet, gaps remain in understanding correlates of resilience and suicide risk, especially among populations born outside the United States who may face unique migration- and acculturation-related stressors. This study adds to the literature by exploring correlates of suicide ideation among a diverse population. METHODS: This study analyzes quantitative data (N\u160?= 357) from the Study of Adolescent Lives after Migration to America, in Detroit and Harrisonburg. More than 40% of the sample was born outside the United States, with the majority born in the Middle East and North Africa. Path analysis was used to model dual outcomes of resilience and suicide ideation using measures of hope, school belonging, stressful life events, and being born outside the United States. RESULTS: Suicide ideation and resilience were negatively correlated (\u223?\u160?= -.236[.069]; p\u160?<\u160?.001).\u160?Adolescents\u160?with\u160?greater\u160?hope\u160?(\u223?\u160?= .367; p < .001) and school belonging (\u223?\u160?= .407; p\u160?<\u160?.001)\u160?reported higher resilience, while lower levels of school belonging correlated with higher levels of suicide ideation (\u223?\u160?= -.248; p\u160?= .009).\u160?More\u160?stressful life events were associated with suicide ideation (\u223?\u160?= .243; p < .001), while fewer were correlated with resilience (\u223?\u160?= -.106; p\u160?= .003). Being born outside the United States was associated with suicide ideation (\u223?\u160?= .186; P-.015), with this finding driven by those from the Middle East and North Africa region, who faced significantly increased risk of suicide ideation (\u223?\u160?= .169; p\u160?= .036). CONCLUSIONS: Findings suggest that adolescents born in the Middle East and North Africa region may represent a vulnerable group needing targeted and culturally responsive interventions to destigmatize mental health and psychosocial well-being, boost existing sources of resilience, and encourage help-seeking behaviors.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1879-1972\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stark, Lindsay\par }
{\f1\fs22 Seff, Ilana\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yu, Gary\par }
{\f1\fs22 Salama, Mariam\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wessells, Michael\par }
{\f1\fs22 Allaf, Carine\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bennouna, Cyril\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/08/21\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Adolesc Health. 2022 Jan;70(1):91-98. doi: 10.1016/j.jadohealth.2021.07.012. Epub 2021 Aug 17.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.jahonline.org/article/S1054-139X(21)00355-4/pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1531761193/Stark-2022-Correlates of Suicide Ideation and.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Brown School at Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, Missouri. Electronic address: lindsaystark@wustl.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Brown School at Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, Missouri.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rory Meyers College of Nursing, New York University, New York, New York.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bloomberg School of Public Health, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mailman School of Public Health, Columbia University, New York, New York.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Qatar Foundation International, Washington, DC.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Political Science, Brown University, Providence, Rhode Island.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Campbell-Sills, L.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Rosellini, A. J.\line %A Colpe, L. J.\line %A He, F.\line %A Heeringa, S. G.\line %A Nock, M. K.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Schoenbaum, M.\line %A Sun, X.\line %A Jain, S.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Childhood Maltreatment and Lifetime Suicidal Behaviors Among New Soldiers in the US Army: Results From the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Clin Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 79\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar/Apr\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Childhood Maltreatment and Lifetime Suicidal Behaviors Among New Soldiers in the US Army: Results From the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0160-6689 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0160-6689\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.4088/JCP.16m10900\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 Conflict of Interest: Dr. Stein has in the past three years been a consultant for Actelion, Dart Neuroscience, Healthcare Management Technologies, Janssen, Oxeia Biopharmaceuticals, Pfizer, Resilience Therapeutics, and Tonix Pharmaceuticals. In the past three years, Dr. Kessler has been a consultant for Hoffman-La Roche, Inc., Johnson & Johnson Wellness and Prevention, and Sonofi-Aventis Groupe. Dr. Kessler has served on advisory boards for Mensante Corporation, Plus One Health Management, Lake Nona Institute, and U.S. Preventive Medicine. Dr. Kessler owns 25% share in DataStat, Inc. The remaining authors report nothing to disclose.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC6460907\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS1010012\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 28541647\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Adult Survivors of Child Abuse/psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Child Abuse/classification/prevention & control/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/*psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment/*methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide, Attempted/prevention & control/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVE: Understanding suicide risk is a priority for the US military. We aimed to estimate associations of childhood maltreatment with pre-enlistment suicidal behaviors in new Army soldiers. METHODS: Cross-sectional survey data from 38,237 soldiers reporting for basic training from April 2011 through November 2012 were analyzed. Scales assessing retrospectively reported childhood abuse and neglect were derived and subjected to latent class analysis, which yielded 5 profiles: No Maltreatment, Episodic Emotional Maltreatment, Frequent Emotional/Physical Maltreatment, Episodic Emotional/Sexual Abuse, and Frequent Emotional/Physical/Sexual Maltreatment. Discrete-time survival analysis was used to estimate associations of maltreatment profiles with suicidal behaviors (assessed with a modified Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale), adjusting for sociodemographics and mental disorders. RESULTS: Nearly 1 in 5 new soldiers was classified as experiencing childhood maltreatment. Relative to No Maltreatment, all multivariate maltreatment profiles were associated (P values < .001) with elevated odds of lifetime suicidal ideation (adjusted odds ratios [AORs] = 3.10-4.93), plan (AORs = 3.75-10.77), attempt (AORs = 3.60-15.95), and onset of plan among those with ideation (AORs = 1.40-3.10). Several profiles also predicted attempts among those with plans (AORs = 2.01-2.47), and Frequent Emotional/Physical/Sexual Maltreatment predicted unplanned attempts among ideators (AOR = 5.32). Adjustment for mental disorders attenuated but did not eliminate these associations. CONCLUSIONS: Childhood maltreatment is strongly associated with suicidal behavior among new soldiers, even after adjusting for intervening mental disorders. Among soldiers with lifetime ideation, certain maltreatment profiles are associated with elevated odds of subsequently planning and/or attempting suicide. Focus on childhood maltreatment might reveal avenues for risk reduction among new soldiers.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1555-2101\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Campbell-Sills, Laura\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rosellini, Anthony J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Colpe, Lisa J\par }
{\f1\fs22 He, Feng\par }
{\f1\fs22 Heeringa, Steven G\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nock, Matthew K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Schoenbaum, Michael\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sun, Xiaoying\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jain, Sonia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Army STARRS Collaborators\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2017/05/26\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Clin Psychiatry. 2018 Mar/Apr;79(2):16m10900. doi: 10.4088/JCP.16m10900.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Departments of Psychiatry and Family Medicine and Public Health, University of California San Diego (Mail Code 0855), 9500 Gilman Dr, La Jolla, CA 92093-0855. mstein@ucsd.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, California, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Family Medicine and Public Health, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, California, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 VA San Diego Healthcare System, San Diego, California, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Department of Psychiatry, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, Maryland, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 National Institute of Mental Health, Bethesda, Maryland, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 University of Michigan, Institute for Social Research, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\line %A Heeringa, S. G.\line %A Jain, S.\line %A Campbell-Sills, L.\line %A Colpe, L. J.\line %A Fullerton, C. S.\line %A Nock, M. K.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Schoenbaum, M.\line %A Sun, X.\line %A Thomas, M. L.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Prospective longitudinal evaluation of the effect of deployment-acquired traumatic brain injury on posttraumatic stress and related disorders: results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Am J Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 172\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 11\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1101-11\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20150904\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Nov 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Prospective longitudinal evaluation of the effect of deployment-acquired traumatic brain injury on posttraumatic stress and related disorders: results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0002-953X (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0002-953x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1176/appi.ajp.2015.14121572\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC5125442\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS830495\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 26337036\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Afghan Campaign 2001-\par }
{\f1\fs22 Anxiety Disorders/*epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Brain Concussion/*epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Brain Injuries/epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cohort Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depressive Disorder, Major/*epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Logistic Models\par }
{\f1\fs22 Longitudinal Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Occupational Injuries/*epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prevalence\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prospective Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sex Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/*epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Trauma Severity Indices\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVE: Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is increasingly recognized as a risk factor for deleterious mental health and functional outcomes. The purpose of this study was to examine the strength and specificity of the association between deployment-acquired TBI and subsequent posttraumatic stress and related disorders among U.S. Army personnel. METHOD: A prospective, longitudinal survey of soldiers in three Brigade Combat Teams was conducted 1-2 months prior to an average 10-month deployment to Afghanistan (T0), upon redeployment to the United States (T1), approximately 3 months later (T2), and approximately 9 months later (T3). Outcomes of interest were 30-day prevalence postdeployment of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), major depressive episode, generalized anxiety disorder, and suicidality, as well as presence and severity of postdeployment PTSD symptoms. RESULTS: Complete information was available for 4,645 soldiers. Approximately one in five soldiers reported exposure to mild (18.0%) or more-than-mild (1.2%) TBI(s) during the index deployment. Even after adjusting for other risk factors (e.g., predeployment mental health status, severity of deployment stress, prior TBI history), deployment-acquired TBI was associated with elevated adjusted odds of PTSD and generalized anxiety disorder at T2 and T3 and of major depressive episode at T2. Suicidality risk at T2 appeared similarly elevated, but this association did not reach statistical significance. CONCLUSIONS: The findings highlight the importance of surveillance efforts to identify soldiers who have sustained TBIs and are therefore at risk for an array of postdeployment adverse mental health outcomes, including but not limited to PTSD. The mechanism(s) accounting for these associations need to be elucidated to inform development of effective preventive and early intervention programs.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1535-7228\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Heeringa, Steven G\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jain, Sonia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Campbell-Sills, Laura\par }
{\f1\fs22 Colpe, Lisa J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fullerton, Carol S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nock, Matthew K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Schoenbaum, Michael\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sun, Xiaoying\par }
{\f1\fs22 Thomas, Michael L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Army STARRS collaborators\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2015/09/05\par }
{\f1\fs22 Am J Psychiatry. 2015 Nov 1;172(11):1101-11. doi: 10.1176/appi.ajp.2015.14121572. Epub 2015 Sep 4.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5125442/pdf/nihms-830495.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2962938752/Stein-2015-Prospective longitudinal evaluation.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ From the Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, Calif.; the Department of Family Medicine and Public Health, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, Calif.; the VA San Diego Healthcare System, San Diego; the Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, Boston; the University of Michigan, Institute for Social Research, Ann Arbor, Mich.; the National Institute of Mental Health, Bethesda, Md.; the Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Department of Psychiatry, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, Md.; and the Department of Psychology, Harvard College, Cambridge, Mass.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Stokes, C. M.\line %A Naifeh, J. A.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\line %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Fullerton, C. S.\line %A Mash, H. B. H.\line %A Riggs-Donovan, C. A.\line %A Ng, T. H. H.\line %A Aliaga, P. A.\line %A Wynn, G. H.\line %A Dinh, H. M.\line %A Kao, T. C.\line %A Gonzalez, O. I.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Risk Factors and Timing of Suicide Attempts among US Army Reserve Component Soldiers during Deployment to the Afghanistan and Iraq Wars: Results from Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 82\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 240-255\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Fall\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Risk Factors and Timing of Suicide Attempts among US Army Reserve Component Soldiers during Deployment to the Afghanistan and Iraq Wars: Results from Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0033-2747 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0033-2747\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/00332747.2019.1653056\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC7446572\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS1615476\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 31566520\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Afghan Campaign 2001-\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Iraq War, 2003-2011\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Retrospective Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Time Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Objective: During the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, suicidal behaviors increased among U.S. Army soldiers. Although Reserve Component (RC) soldiers (National Guard and Army Reserve) comprise approximately one third of those deployed in support of the wars, few studies have examined suicidal behaviors among these "citizen-soldiers". The objective of this study is to examine suicide attempt risk factors and timing among RC enlisted soldiers. Methods: This longitudinal, retrospective cohort study used individual-level person-month records from Army and Department of Defense administrative data systems to examine socio-demographic, service-related, and mental health predictors of medically documented suicide attempts among enlisted RC soldiers during deployment from 2004-2009. Data were analyzed using discrete-time survival models. Results: A total of 230 enlisted RC soldiers attempted suicide. Overall, the in-theater suicide attempt rate among RC soldiers was 81/100,000 person-years. Risk was highest in the fifth month of deployment (13.8 per 100,000 person-months). Suicide attempts were more likely among soldiers who were women (adjusted odds ratio, aOR = 2.5 [95% CI: 1.8-3.5]), less than high school educated (aOR = 1.8 [95% CI: 1.3-2.5]), in their first 2 years of service (aOR = 2.0 [95% CI: 1.2-3.4]), were currently married (aOR = 2.0 [95% CI: 1.5-2.7]), and had received a mental health diagnosis in the previous month (aOR = 24.7 [95% CI: 17.4-35.0]). Conclusions: Being female, early in service and currently married are associated with increased odds of suicide attempt in RC soldiers. Risk of suicide attempt was greatest at mid deployment. These predictors and the timing of suicide attempt for RC soldiers in-theater are largely consistent with those of deployed Active Component (Regular) soldiers. Results also reinforce and replicate the findings among Active Component soldiers related to the importance of a recent mental health diagnosis and the mid-deployment as a period of enhanced risk.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1943-281x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stokes, Cara M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Naifeh, James A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fullerton, Carol S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mash, Holly B Herberman\par }
{\f1\fs22 Riggs-Donovan, Charlotte A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ng, Tsz Hin Hinz\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-7591-3221\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aliaga, Pablo A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wynn, Gary H\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dinh, Hieu M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kao, Tzu-Cheg\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gonzalez, Oscar I\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/10/01\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry. 2019 Fall;82(3):240-255. doi: 10.1080/00332747.2019.1653056.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7446572/pdf/nihms-1615476.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0244189682/Stokes-2019-Risk Factors and Timing of Suicide.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Book\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Thompson, Rosemary A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2006\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Nurturing future generations: Promoting resilience in children and adolescents through social, emotional and cognitive skills, 2nd ed\par }
{\f1\fs22 %C New York, NY\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I Routledge/Taylor & Francis Group\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Nurturing future generations: Promoting resilience in children and adolescents through social, emotional and cognitive skills, 2nd ed\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0-415-95097-X\par }
{\f1\fs22 978-0-4159-5097-8\par }
{\f1\fs22 0-415-95096-1\par }
{\f1\fs22 978-0415-95096-1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2006-09686-000\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K prevention\par }
{\f1\fs22 intervention\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 children\par }
{\f1\fs22 adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 social skills\par }
{\f1\fs22 emotional skills\par }
{\f1\fs22 cognitive skills\par }
{\f1\fs22 counseling strategies\par }
{\f1\fs22 psychoeducational techniques\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent Development\par }
{\f1\fs22 Childhood Development\par }
{\f1\fs22 Counseling\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychoeducation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cognitive Development\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotional Development\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychosocial Development\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Nurturing Future Generations goes beyond the stilted rhetoric on the problems of youth and focuses on resiliency, protective factors, and best practices in prevention research. Educators and helping professionals will find useful counseling strategies and psychoeducational techniques that focus on primary prevention and intervention. Rosemary A. Thompson has also provided life skills training exercises, questionnaires, and project checklists for teens, making this one of the most thorough and valuable volumes on the market. This book offers more than the norm, including not only information on the state of today's youth, but also strategies for addressing their needs. Educators, students, and practitioners alike can only benefit by adding this book to their collections. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 2006-09686-000. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Thompson, Rosemary A.; Chesapeake Public Schools, Chesapeake, VA, US. Release Date: 20061113. Publication Type: Book (0200), Authored Book (0240). Format Covered: Print. Document Type: Book. ISBN: 0-415-95097-X, ISBN Paperback; 978-0-4159-5097-8, ISBN Paperback; 0-415-95096-1, ISBN Hardcover; 978-0415-95096-1, ISBN Hardcover. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Adolescent Development; Childhood Development; Counseling; Psychoeducation; Resilience (Psychological). Minor Descriptor: Cognitive Development; Emotional Development; Intervention; Prevention; Psychosocial Development; Social Skills. Classification: Health & Mental Health Treatment & Prevention (3300). Population: Human (10). Age Group: Childhood (birth-12 yrs) (100); Adolescence (13-17 yrs) (200). Intended Audience: Psychology: Professional & Research (PS). References Available: Y. Page Count: 532.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2006-09686-000&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Tian, X.\line %A Chang, W.\line %A Meng, Q.\line %A Chen, Y.\line %A Yu, Z.\line %A He, L.\line %A Xiao, Y.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience and self-harm among left-behind children in Yunnan, China: a community-based survey\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B BMC Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 19\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1728\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20191223\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Dec 23\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience and self-harm among left-behind children in Yunnan, China: a community-based survey\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1471-2458\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1186/s12889-019-8075-4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 The authors declare that they have no competing interests.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC6929398\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 31870359\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child, Abandoned/*psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 China/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior/epidemiology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotion regulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Left-behind children\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Self-harm (SH) behaviors are established risk factors of suicide, however, in Chinese left-behind children (LBC), SH remains severely under-discussed. In this study, we aimed to investigate SH and explore its association between resilience in a large group of LBC. METHODS: A community-based cross-sectional study of 2898 LBC was conducted in Yunnan province, China. Information was collected by self-reporting questionnaires. Descriptive analysis was used to depict and compare characteristics of the subjects. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression models were applied to estimate the associations between resilience and SH prevalence, SH severity, SH repetition. RESULTS: The prevalence of SH in LBC was 48.8% (95%CI: 47.0-49.7%). Compared to LBC with lower level of resilience, a higher level of resilience was related to 0.40 folds of SH odds (95%CI: 0.34-0.48). Besides, among all dimensions of resilience, every 1 average score increase of emotion regulation and family support were associated with 0.13 (95%CI: 0.04-0.37) and 0.14 (95%CI: 0.04-0.47) folds of odds in severer SH, respectively; one unit increase in the average score of emotion regulation was related to an OR of 0.23 (95%CI: 0.07-0.71) for repeated SH. CONCLUSIONS: Psychological resilience presented protective effect on SH in LBC, especially the dimensions of emotion regulation and family support. Intervention measures focusing on enhancing emotion regulation ability and building parent-child connection could be considered in order to reduce SH and suicidal risk in LBC.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1471-2458\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tian, Xin\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chang, Wei\par }
{\f1\fs22 Meng, Qiong\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chen, Ying\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yu, Zhen\par }
{\f1\fs22 He, Limei\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, Yuanyuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-2441-7209\par }
{\f1\fs22 2018FE001(-132)/Yunnan Applied Basic Research Projects-Kunming Medical University Union Foundation/\par }
{\f1\fs22 81703324/National Natural Science Foundation of China/\par }
{\f1\fs22 201808535098/China Scholarship Council/\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/12/25\par }
{\f1\fs22 BMC Public Health. 2019 Dec 23;19(1):1728. doi: 10.1186/s12889-019-8075-4.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6929398/pdf/12889_2019_Article_8075.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1456812650/Tian-2019-Resilience and self-harm among left-.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Epidemiology and Health Statistics, School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, 650500, Yunnan, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 The First Affiliated School of Clinical Medicine, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, Yunnan, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Epidemiology and Health Statistics, School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, 650500, Yunnan, China. 33225647@qq.com.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Chronic Disease Epidemiology, Yale School of Public Health Yale University, New Haven, CT, USA. 33225647@qq.com.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Tian, X.\line %A Chang, W.\line %A Meng, Q.\line %A Chen, Y.\line %A Yu, Z.\line %A He, L. M.\line %A Xiao, Y. Y.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience and self-harm among left-behind children in Yunnan, China: a community-based survey\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Bmc Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 19\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 8\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Dec\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience and self-harm among left-behind children in Yunnan, China: a community-based survey\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O BMC Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1186/s12889-019-8075-4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %] 1728\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000511647000009\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Left-behind children\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotion regulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family\par }
{\f1\fs22 support\par }
{\f1\fs22 mental-health\par }
{\f1\fs22 young-people\par }
{\f1\fs22 adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 prevalence\par }
{\f1\fs22 migration\par }
{\f1\fs22 symptoms\par }
{\f1\fs22 behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 youth\par }
{\f1\fs22 Public, Environmental & Occupational Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background: Self-harm (SH) behaviors are established risk factors of suicide, however, in Chinese left-behind children (LBC), SH remains severely under-discussed. In this study, we aimed to investigate SH and explore its association between resilience in a large group of LBC. Methods: A community-based cross-sectional study of 2898 LBC was conducted in Yunnan province, China. Information was collected by self-reporting questionnaires. Descriptive analysis was used to depict and compare characteristics of the subjects. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression models were applied to estimate the associations between resilience and SH prevalence, SH severity, SH repetition. Results: The prevalence of SH in LBC was 48.8% (95%CI: 47.0-49.7%). Compared to LBC with lower level of resilience, a higher level of resilience was related to 0.40 folds of SH odds (95%CI: 0.34-0.48). Besides, among all dimensions of resilience, every 1 average score increase of emotion regulation and family support were associated with 0.13 (95%CI: 0.04-0.37) and 0.14 (95%CI: 0.04-0.47) folds of odds in severer SH, respectively; one unit increase in the average score of emotion regulation was related to an OR of 0.23 (95%CI: 0.07-0.71) for repeated SH. Conclusions: Psychological resilience presented protective effect on SH in LBC, especially the dimensions of emotion regulation and family support. Intervention measures focusing on enhancing emotion regulation ability and building parent-child connection could be considered in order to reduce SH and suicidal risk in LBC.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: KI8ZS\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 15\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 46\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      Ai H, 2014, J HEALTH PSYCHOL, V21, P1066\par }
{\f1\fs22      All-China Women's Federation, 2008, CHINESE WOMENS MOVEM, V6, P35\par }
{\f1\fs22      [Anonymous], 2013, J S CENTRAL U NATION\par }
{\f1\fs22      [Anonymous], [No title captured]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Chang HJ, 2017, PLOS ONE, V12, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0178743\par }
{\f1\fs22      China Women's Federation, 2013, CHIN WOMENS MOVEMENT, V6, P30\par }
{\f1\fs22      Claes L, 2016, COGNITIVE THER RES, V40, P540, DOI 10.1007/s10608-016-9761-5\par }
{\f1\fs22      Dai Q, 2018, CHILD ABUSE NEGLECT, V86, P403, DOI 10.1016/j.chiabu.2016.08.002\par }
{\f1\fs22      Dong B, 2019, PSYCHOL HEALTH MED, V24, P1, DOI 10.1080/13548506.2018.1487986\par }
{\f1\fs22      Dray J, 2017, J ADOLESCENCE, V57, P74, DOI 10.1016/j.adolescence.2017.03.009\par }
{\f1\fs22      Dray J, 2014, TRIALS, V15, DOI 10.1186/1745-6215-15-289\par }
{\f1\fs22      Feng Y, 2008, RELATION ADOLESCENTS\par }
{\f1\fs22      Fliege H, 2009, J PSYCHOSOM RES, V56, P617\par }
{\f1\fs22      Foster T, 1997, BRIT J PSYCHIAT, V170, P447, DOI 10.1192/bjp.170.5.447\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gao Y, 2010, BMC PUBLIC HEALTH, V10, DOI 10.1186/1471-2458-10-56\par }
{\f1\fs22      Greydanus Donald E., 2009, Keio Journal of Medicine, V58, P144\par }
{\f1\fs22      Guo J, 2015, PLOS ONE, V10, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0145606\par }
{\f1\fs22      Haase Joan E, 2004, J Pediatr Oncol Nurs, V21, P289, DOI 10.1177/1043454204267922\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hawton K, 2012, LANCET, V379, P2373, DOI 10.1016/S0140-6736(12)60322-5\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hu XUJ, 2008, LANCET, V372, P1717, DOI 10.1016/S0140-6736(08)61360-4\par }
{\f1\fs22      [\u32993?\u26376?\u29748? HU YueQin], 2008, [\u24515?\u29702?\u23398?\u25253?, Acta Psychologica Sinica], V40, P902\par }
{\f1\fs22      Huang LH, 2015, PSYCHOL RES BEHAV MA, V8, P231, DOI 10.2147/PRBM.S75382\par }
{\f1\fs22      Li J, 2016, INTERVENTION GROUP C\par }
{\f1\fs22      Liang Y, 2017, J HEALTH PSYCHOL, V22, P1897, DOI 10.1177/1359105316676333\par }
{\f1\fs22      Luthar S. S., 2003, RESILIENCE VULNERABI\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ma Y, 2016, INVESTIGATION NONSUI\par }
{\f1\fs22      McLaughlin KA, 2011, BEHAV RES THER, V49, P544, DOI 10.1016/j.brat.2011.06.003\par }
{\f1\fs22      Messer JM, 2008, CLIN PSYCHOL REV, V28, P162, DOI 10.1016/j.cpr.2007.04.006\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2004, J CONSULT CLIN PSYCH, V72, P885, DOI 10.1037/0022-006X.72.5.885\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock NK, 2016, PSYCHIAT RES, V144, P65\par }
{\f1\fs22      Peng L, 2012, PSYCHIAT RES, V196, P138, DOI 10.1016/j.psychres.2011.12.006\par }
{\f1\fs22      Portzky G, 2008, EUR CHILD ADOLES PSY, V17, P179, DOI 10.1007/s00787-007-0652-x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Schafer JO, 2017, J YOUTH ADOLESCENCE, V46, P261, DOI 10.1007/s10964-016-0585-0\par }
{\f1\fs22      Sourander A, 2006, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V93, P87, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2006.02.015\par }
{\f1\fs22      Su S, 2013, CHILD CARE HLTH DEV, V39, P162, DOI 10.1111/j.1365-2214.2012.01400.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Viana AG, 2017, PSYCHOL TRAUMA-US, V9, P509, DOI 10.1037/tra0000161\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wan Y, 2013, CHIN J CHILD HLTH CA, V21, P1239\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wang LF, 2015, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V177, P36, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2015.01.002\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wang YL, 2019, FRONT PSYCHOL, V9, DOI 10.3389/fpsyg.2018.02672\par }
{\f1\fs22      [\u29579?\u29788?\u33805? Wang Yuping], 2012, [\u20013?\u22269?\u20020?\u24202?\u24515?\u29702?\u23398?\u26434?\u24535?, Chinese Journal of Clinical Psychology], V20, P666\par }
{\f1\fs22      Whitlock J, 2013, J ADOLESCENT HEALTH, V52, P486, DOI 10.1016/j.jadohealth.2012.09.010\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wu YL, 2017, J HEALTH PSYCHOL, V22, P627, DOI 10.1177/1359105315610811\par }
{\f1\fs22      Xin XH, 2017, J ABNORM CHILD PSYCH, V45, P815, DOI 10.1007/s10802-016-0201-5\par }
{\f1\fs22      [\u24464?\u24535?\u20255? Xu Zhiwei], 2010, [\u20013?\u22269?\u20844?\u20849?\u21355?\u29983?, China Public Health], V26, P868\par }
{\f1\fs22      Yang X, 2013, CHIN J HLTH PSYCHOL, V9, P1408\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zubrick SR, 2017, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V220, P49, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2017.05.050\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tian, Xin Chang, Wei Meng, Qiong Chen, Ying Yu, Zhen He, Limei Xiao, Yuanyuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yunnan Applied Basic Research Projects-Kunming Medical University Union Foundation [2018FE001(-132)]; National Natural Science Foundation of China [81703324]; China Scholarship Council [201808535098]\par }
{\f1\fs22 The study is supported by Yunnan Applied Basic Research Projects-Kunming Medical University Union Foundation (No. 2018FE001(-132)), National Natural Science Foundation of China (No. 81703324), China Scholarship Council (No. 201808535098). The funders played no roles in study design, collection, analysis and interpretation of data and in writing the manuscript.\par }
{\f1\fs22 15\par }
{\f1\fs22 8\par }
{\f1\fs22 20\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bmc\par }
{\f1\fs22 London\par }
{\f1\fs22 1471-2458\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000511647000009\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Tian, Xin; Chang, Wei; Meng, Qiong; Chen, Ying; Yu, Zhen; He, Limei; Xiao, Yuanyuan] Kunming Med Univ, Sch Publ Hlth, Dept Epidemiol & Hlth Stat, Kunming 650500, Yunnan, Peoples R China. [Tian, Xin] Kunming Med Univ, Affiliated Sch Clin Med 1, Kunming, Yunnan, Peoples R China. [Xiao, Yuanyuan] Yale Univ, Yale Sch Publ Hlth, Dept Chron Dis Epidemiol, New Haven, CT 06520 USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, YY (corresponding author), Kunming Med Univ, Sch Publ Hlth, Dept Epidemiol & Hlth Stat, Kunming 650500, Yunnan, Peoples R China.; Xiao, YY (corresponding author), Yale Univ, Yale Sch Publ Hlth, Dept Chron Dis Epidemiol, New Haven, CT 06520 USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 33225647@qq.com\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Tian, X.\line %A Lu, J.\line %A Che, Y.\line %A Fang, D.\line %A Ran, H.\line %A He, X.\line %A Wang, Y.\line %A Wang, T.\line %A Xu, X.\line %A Yang, G.\line %A Xiao, Y.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Childhood maltreatment and self-harm in Chinese adolescents: moderation and mediation via resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B BMC Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 21\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1561\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20210817\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Aug 17\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Childhood maltreatment and self-harm in Chinese adolescents: moderation and mediation via resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1471-2458\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1186/s12889-021-11605-y\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 The authors declare that they have no competing interests.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC8371889\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 34404376\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Child Abuse\par }
{\f1\fs22 China/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Self-Injurious Behavior/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Childhood maltreatment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotion regulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Interpersonal assistance\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-harm behaviors\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Published studies examining the association between childhood maltreatment (CM) and self-harm (SH) among adolescents have been accumulated. It is possible that resilience serves as a moderator or mediator in CM-SH association, nevertheless, this topic has never been thoroughly investigated. METHODS: In this population-based cross-sectional study, we surveyed 3146 students aged 10-17 in southwest China. The Childhood Trauma Questionnaire (CTQ), the Modified version of Adolescents Self-Harm Scale (MASHS), and the Resilience Scale for Chinese Adolescents (RSCA) were used to measure CM, SH, and resilience. Correlational analyses, hierarchical multivariate linear regression, and structural equation modeling (SEM) were performed to test the moderation and mediation of resilience in CM-SH association. RESULTS: Findings revealed that, resilience with its five dimensions, CM, and SH were significantly correlated with each other. Resilience partially moderated and mediated the association between CM and SH. Besides, among all dimensions of resilience, emotion regulation, interpersonal assistance, and family support presented the strongest mediation in CM-SH association. CONCLUSIONS: Our results highlight the importance of resilience in CM related SH among Chinese teenagers. Resilience-oriented intervention could be considered in SH intervention measures for adolescents who had experienced CM.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1471-2458\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tian, Xin\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lu, Jin\par }
{\f1\fs22 Che, Yusan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fang, Die\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ran, Hailiang\par }
{\f1\fs22 He, Xingting\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wang, Yanjiao\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wang, Tianlan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xu, Xiufeng\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yang, Guangya\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, Yuanyuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0003-2441-7209\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/08/19\par }
{\f1\fs22 BMC Public Health. 2021 Aug 17;21(1):1561. doi: 10.1186/s12889-021-11605-y.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Epidemiology and Health Statistics, School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, 650500, Yunnan, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 The First Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical University, Kunming, Yunnan, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 NHC Key Laboratory of Drug Addiction Medicine, The First Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical University, Kunming, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lincang Psychiatry Hospital, Lincang, Yunnan, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Epidemiology and Health Statistics, School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, 650500, Yunnan, China. 33225647@qq.com.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Tian, X.\line %A Lu, J.\line %A Che, Y. S.\line %A Fang, D.\line %A Ran, H. L.\line %A He, X. T.\line %A Wang, Y. J.\line %A Wang, T. L.\line %A Xu, X. F.\line %A Yang, G. Y.\line %A Xiao, Y. Y.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Childhood maltreatment and self-harm in Chinese adolescents: moderation and mediation via resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Bmc Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 21\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 9\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Aug\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Childhood maltreatment and self-harm in Chinese adolescents: moderation and mediation via resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O BMC Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1186/s12889-021-11605-y\par }
{\f1\fs22 %] 1561\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000686622100003\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Childhood maltreatment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-harm behaviors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotion\par }
{\f1\fs22 regulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Interpersonal assistance\par }
{\f1\fs22 emotion dysregulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 african-american\par }
{\f1\fs22 mental-health\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 attachment\par }
{\f1\fs22 depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 people\par }
{\f1\fs22 abuse\par }
{\f1\fs22 life\par }
{\f1\fs22 metaanalysis\par }
{\f1\fs22 Public, Environmental & Occupational Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background Published studies examining the association between childhood maltreatment (CM) and self-harm (SH) among adolescents have been accumulated. It is possible that resilience serves as a moderator or mediator in CM-SH association, nevertheless, this topic has never been thoroughly investigated. Methods In this population-based cross-sectional study, we surveyed 3146 students aged 10-17 in southwest China. The Childhood Trauma Questionnaire (CTQ), the Modified version of Adolescents Self-Harm Scale (MASHS), and the Resilience Scale for Chinese Adolescents (RSCA) were used to measure CM, SH, and resilience. Correlational analyses, hierarchical multivariate linear regression, and structural equation modeling (SEM) were performed to test the moderation and mediation of resilience in CM-SH association. Results Findings revealed that, resilience with its five dimensions, CM, and SH were significantly correlated with each other. Resilience partially moderated and mediated the association between CM and SH. Besides, among all dimensions of resilience, emotion regulation, interpersonal assistance, and family support presented the strongest mediation in CM-SH association. Conclusions Our results highlight the importance of resilience in CM related SH among Chinese teenagers. Resilience-oriented intervention could be considered in SH intervention measures for adolescents who had experienced CM.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: UC6GJ\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 50\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      [Anonymous], 2016, HDB ATTACHMENT THEOR\par }
{\f1\fs22      Arbona C, 2003, J COUNS PSYCHOL, V50, P40, DOI 10.1037//0022-0167.50.1.40\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bernstein DP, 2003, CHILD ABUSE NEGLECT, V27, P169, DOI 10.1016/S0145-2134(02)00541-0\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bolger KE., 2003, SEQUELAE CHILD MALTR, P156, DOI [10.1017/CBO9780511615788.009, DOI 10.1017/CBO9780511615788.009]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Borelli JL, 2019, ATTACH HUM DEV, V21, P332, DOI 10.1080/14616734.2018.1479870\par }
{\f1\fs22      Borelli JL, 2015, PSYCHOANAL PSYCHOL, V32, P23, DOI 10.1037/a0037858\par }
{\f1\fs22      Brezo J, 2008, BRIT J PSYCHIAT, V193, P134, DOI 10.1192/bjp.bp.107.037994\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cai Q., 2009, INVESTIGATION PRIMAR\par }
{\f1\fs22      Campbell-Sills L, 2006, BEHAV RES THER, V44, P585, DOI 10.1016/j.brat.2005.05.001\par }
{\f1\fs22      Celano CM, 2020, J MENT HEALTH, V29, P60, DOI 10.1080/09638237.2018.1521942\par }
{\f1\fs22      Colman RA, 2004, CHILD ABUSE NEGLECT, V28, P1133, DOI 10.1016/j.chiabu.2004.02.005\par }
{\f1\fs22      Coope C, 2015, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V183, P98, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2015.04.045\par }
{\f1\fs22      Crow T, 2014, CHILD ABUSE NEGLECT, V38, P1590, DOI 10.1016/j.chiabu.2014.05.015\par }
{\f1\fs22      Deliberto TL, 2008, ARCH SUICIDE RES, V12, P219, DOI 10.1080/13811110802101096\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ding HS, 2017, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V211, P130, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2016.12.056\par }
{\f1\fs22      Dube SR, 2001, JAMA-J AM MED ASSOC, V286, P3089, DOI 10.1001/jama.286.24.3089\par }
{\f1\fs22      Feng Y, 2008, RELATION ADOLESCENTS\par }
{\f1\fs22      Fergus S, 2005, ANNU REV PUBL HEALTH, V26, P399, DOI 10.1146/annurev.publhealth.26.021304.144357\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gilbert R, 2009, LANCET, V373, P68, DOI 10.1016/S0140-6736(08)61706-7\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gratz KL, 2007, J CLIN PSYCHOL, V63, P1091, DOI 10.1002/jclp.20417\par }
{\f1\fs22      Guerra C, 2018, CHILD ABUSE NEGLECT, V76, P310, DOI 10.1016/j.chiabu.2017.11.013\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hatcher S, 2011, BRIT J PSYCHIAT, V199, P310, DOI 10.1192/bjp.bp.110.090126\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hawton K, 2012, LANCET, V379, P2373, DOI 10.1016/S0140-6736(12)60322-5\par }
{\f1\fs22      [\u32993?\u26376?\u29748? HU YueQin], 2008, [\u24515?\u29702?\u23398?\u25253?, Acta Psychologica Sinica], V40, P902\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hussey JM, 2006, PEDIATRICS, V118, P933, DOI 10.1542/peds.2005-2452\par }
{\f1\fs22      Jennissen S, 2016, CHILD ABUSE NEGLECT, V62, P51, DOI 10.1016/j.chiabu.2016.10.015\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kim J, 2010, J CHILD PSYCHOL PSYC, V51, P706, DOI 10.1111/j.1469-7610.2009.02202.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Madden SC, 2007, RELATIONSHIP PSYCHOL\par }
{\f1\fs22      Meng XF, 2018, SOC PSYCH PSYCH EPID, V53, P453, DOI 10.1007/s00127-018-1485-2\par }
{\f1\fs22      Messer JM, 2008, CLIN PSYCHOL REV, V28, P162, DOI 10.1016/j.cpr.2007.04.006\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mikulincer M, 2003, MOTIV EMOTION, V27, P77, DOI 10.1023/A:1024515519160\par }
{\f1\fs22      Niu Y., 2014, INTERVENTION RES REL\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2006, PSYCHIAT RES, V144, P65, DOI 10.1016/j.psychres.2006.05.010\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2005, J ABNORM PSYCHOL, V114, P140, DOI 10.1037/0021-843X.114.1.140\par }
{\f1\fs22      Owens D, 2002, BRIT J PSYCHIAT, V181, P193, DOI 10.1192/bjp.181.3.193\par }
{\f1\fs22      Patton GC, 2009, LANCET, V374, P881, DOI 10.1016/S0140-6736(09)60741-8\par }
{\f1\fs22      Peng L, 2012, PSYCHIAT RES, V196, P138, DOI 10.1016/j.psychres.2011.12.006\par }
{\f1\fs22      Rew Lynn, 2003, J Pediatr Nurs, V18, P379, DOI 10.1016/S0882-5963(03)00162-3\par }
{\f1\fs22      Serafini G, 2017, FRONT PSYCHIATRY, V8, DOI 10.3389/fpsyt.2017.00149\par }
{\f1\fs22      Serafini G, 2016, CHILD ABUSE NEGLECT, V62, P39, DOI 10.1016/j.chiabu.2016.09.013\par }
{\f1\fs22      Morris AS, 2007, SOC DEV, V16, P361, DOI 10.1111/j.1467-9507.2007.00389.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Shi JY, 2016, INT J SOC PSYCHIATR, V62, P386, DOI 10.1177/0020764016636910\par }
{\f1\fs22      Sowislo JF, 2013, PSYCHOL BULL, V139, P213, DOI 10.1037/a0028931\par }
{\f1\fs22      Tian X, 2019, BMC PUBLIC HEALTH, V19, DOI 10.1186/s12889-019-8075-4\par }
{\f1\fs22      Townsend E, 2001, PSYCHOL MED, V31, P979, DOI 10.1017/S0033291701004238\par }
{\f1\fs22      Tugade MM, 2004, J PERS SOC PSYCHOL, V86, P320, DOI 10.1037/0022-3514.86.2.320\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wan YH, 2011, EUR CHILD ADOLES PSY, V20, P517, DOI 10.1007/s00787-011-0213-1\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wang YL, 2019, FRONT PSYCHOL, V9, DOI 10.3389/fpsyg.2018.02672\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wingo AP, 2010, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V126, P411, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2010.04.009\par }
{\f1\fs22      YOUNGBLADE LM, 1989, TOP EARLY CHILD SPEC, V9, P1, DOI 10.1177/027112148900900202\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tian, Xin Lu, Jin Che, Yusan Fang, Die Ran, Hailiang He, Xingting Wang, Yanjiao Wang, Tianlan Xu, Xiufeng Yang, Guangya Xiao, Yuanyuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ran, Hailiang/0000-0001-7290-3880\par }
{\f1\fs22 National Natural Science Foundation of China [82060601]; Top Young Talents of Yunnan Ten Thousand Talents Plan [YNWR-QNBJ-2018-286]; Innovative Research Team of Yunnan Province [202005AE160002]; NHC Key Laboratory of Drug Addiction Medicine [2020DAMARA-006]; Yunnan Health Training Projects of Highly Level Talents [D-2017048]; Scientific Research Fund Project of Yunnan Provincial Department of Education [2018JS198]\par }
{\f1\fs22 The study was funded by National Natural Science Foundation of China (82060601), Top Young Talents of Yunnan Ten Thousand Talents Plan (YNWR-QNBJ-2018-286), Innovative Research Team of Yunnan Province (202005AE160002), NHC Key Laboratory of Drug Addiction Medicine (2020DAMARA-006), Yunnan Health Training Projects of Highly Level Talents (D-2017048), Scientific Research Fund Project of Yunnan Provincial Department of Education (2018JS198). The funding body in this study had no role in the design of the study and collection, analysis, and interpretation of data and in writing the manuscript.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 7\par }
{\f1\fs22 18\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bmc\par }
{\f1\fs22 London\par }
{\f1\fs22 1471-2458\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000686622100003\par }
{\f1\fs22 https://bmcpublichealth.biomedcentral.com/track/pdf/10.1186/s12889-021-11605-y.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3094934146/Tian-2021-Childhood maltreatment and self-harm.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Tian, Xin; Che, Yusan; Fang, Die; Ran, Hailiang; Xiao, Yuanyuan] Kunming Med Univ, Sch Publ Hlth, Dept Epidemiol & Hlth Stat, Kunming 650500, Yunnan, Peoples R China. [Tian, Xin; Lu, Jin; Wang, Yanjiao; Xu, Xiufeng] Kunming Med Univ, Affiliated Hosp 1, Kunming, Yunnan, Peoples R China. [Lu, Jin] Kunming Med Univ, Affiliated Hosp 1, NHC Key Lab Drug Addict Med, Kunming, Yunnan, Peoples R China. [He, Xingting; Wang, Tianlan; Yang, Guangya] Lincang Psychiat Hosp, Lincang, Yunnan, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, YY (corresponding author), Kunming Med Univ, Sch Publ Hlth, Dept Epidemiol & Hlth Stat, Kunming 650500, Yunnan, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 33225647@qq.com\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Tian, X.\line %A Yang, G.\line %A Jiang, L.\line %A Yang, R.\line %A Ran, H.\line %A Xie, F.\line %A Xu, X.\line %A Lu, J.\line %A Xiao, Y.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience is inversely associated with self-harm behaviors among Chinese adolescents with childhood maltreatment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B PeerJ\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 8\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P e9800\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20200908\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience is inversely associated with self-harm behaviors among Chinese adolescents with childhood maltreatment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 2167-8359 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 2167-8359\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.7717/peerj.9800\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 The authors declare there are no competing interests.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC7485485\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 33194348\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Childhood maltreatment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotion regulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Goal concentration\par }
{\f1\fs22 Interpersonal assistance\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Abundant studies have identified the association between childhood maltreatment and self-harm (SH), but little has been discussed with regard to the role of resilience in SH behaviors of adolescents who had experienced childhood maltreatment. In this study, we investigated if resilience, as well as its five dimensions, could present negative associations with presence, repetition, and severity of SH among maltreated and neglected adolescents in China. METHODS: A cross-sectional survey including 2,084 maltreated teenagers aged from 10 to 17 years was conducted in southwest China Yunnan province. The Childhood Trauma Questionnaire (CTQ), The Resilience Scale for Chinese Adolescents (RSCA), and the Modified version of Adolescents Self-Harm Scale (MASHS) were adopted to measure childhood maltreatment experiences, psychological resilience, and SH behaviors of the respondents, respectively. Binary univariate and multivariate logistic regression models were employed to discuss the associations between resilience and occurrence, repetition, severity of SH. RESULTS: Among the participants who met the criteria of CTQ, the prevalence rates of SH were 63.83%, 73.94%, 71.50%, 55.53%, and 58.21% for physical abuse (PA), emotional abuse (EA), sexual abuse (SA), physical neglect (PN), and emotional neglect (EN). Final regression model demonstrated that resilience was in general inversely associated with SH, repeated SH, and severe SH for all types of childhood maltreatment, with adjusted odds ratios (aORs) ranging from 0.29 (95% CI: 0.19-0.44) to 0.46 (95% CI: 0.26-0.81). Of the five dimensions of resilience, emotion regulation served as the strongest associated factor of SH among abused youths, regardless of maltreatment types. Besides, compared with those who had lower level of goal concentration and interpersonal assistance, subjects with higher resilience level reported significantly decreased risks of SH occurrence, SH repetition, and more severe SH, in adolescents who had experienced EA and PN. CONCLUSIONS: Resilience showed inverse association with childhood maltreatment related SH in Chinese adolescents. These findings preliminarily indicated that interventions targeting on building up resilience, especially enhancing emotion regulation ability, improving goal concentration, and consolidating interpersonal assistance, could be effective in reducing SH risk, repetition, and severity in maltreated Chinese teenagers.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 2167-8359\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tian, Xin\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yang, Guangya\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jiang, Linling\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yang, Runxu\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ran, Hailiang\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xie, Fujia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xu, Xiufeng\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lu, Jin\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, Yuanyuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2020/11/17\par }
{\f1\fs22 PeerJ. 2020 Sep 8;8:e9800. doi: 10.7717/peerj.9800. eCollection 2020.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 The First Affiliated Hospital, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lincang Psychiatry Hospital, Lincang, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Tian, X.\line %A Yang, G. Y.\line %A Jiang, L. L.\line %A Yang, R. X.\line %A Ran, H. L.\line %A Xie, F. J.\line %A Xu, X. F.\line %A Lu, J.\line %A Xiao, Y. Y.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience is inversely associated with self-harm behaviors among Chinese adolescents with childhood maltreatment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Peerj\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 8\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 18\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Sep\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience is inversely associated with self-harm behaviors among Chinese adolescents with childhood maltreatment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O PeerJ\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 2167-8359\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.7717/peerj.9800\par }
{\f1\fs22 %] e9800\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000566881800004\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 Childhood maltreatment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotion regulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Interpersonal assistance\par }
{\f1\fs22 Goal concentration\par }
{\f1\fs22 emotion dysregulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 sexual-abuse\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 dissociation\par }
{\f1\fs22 roles\par }
{\f1\fs22 risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 Science & Technology - Other Topics\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background. Abundant studies have identified the association between childhood maltreatment and self-harm (SH), but little has been discussed with regard to the role of resilience in SH behaviors of adolescents who had experienced childhood maltreatment. In this study, we investigated if resilience, as well as its five dimensions, could present negative associations with presence, repetition, and severity of SH among maltreated and neglected adolescents in China. Methods. A cross-sectional survey including 2,084 maltreated teenagers aged from 10 to 17 years was conducted in southwest China Yunnan province. The Childhood Trauma Questionnaire (CTQ), The Resilience Scale for Chinese Adolescents (RSCA), and the Modified version of Adolescents Self-Harm Scale (MASHS) were adopted to measure childhood maltreatment experiences, psychological resilience, and SH behaviors of the respondents, respectively. Binary univariate and multivariate logistic regression models were employed to discuss the associations between resilience and occurrence, repetition, severity of SH. Results. Among the participants who met the criteria of CTQ, the prevalence rates of SH were 63.83%, 73.94%, 71.50%, 55.53%, and 58.21% for physical abuse (PA), emotional abuse (EA), sexual abuse (SA), physical neglect (PN), and emotional neglect (EN). Final regression model demonstrated that resilience was in general inversely associated with SH, repeated SH, and severe SH for all types of childhood maltreatment, with adjusted odds ratios (aORs) ranging from 0.29 (95% CI: 0.19-0.44) to 0.46 (95% CI: 0.26-0.81). Of the five dimensions of resilience, emotion regulation served as the strongest associated factor of SH among abused youths, regardless of maltreatment types. Besides, compared with those who had lower level of goal concentration and interpersonal assistance, subjects with higher resilience level reported significantly decreased risks of SH occurrence, SH repetition, and more severe SH, in adolescents who had experienced EA and PN. Conclusions. Resilience showed inverse association with childhood maltreatment related SH in Chinese adolescents. These findings preliminarily indicated that interventions targeting on building up resilience, especially enhancing emotion regulation ability, improving goal concentration, and consolidating interpersonal assistance, could be effective in reducing SH risk, repetition, and severity in maltreated Chinese teenagers.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: NK6YZ\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 42\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      Anda RF, 2007, AM J PREV MED, V32, P389, DOI 10.1016/j.amepre.2007.01.005\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bernstein D., 1998, MANUAL CHILDHOOD TRA\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bernstein DP, 2003, CHILD ABUSE NEGLECT, V27, P169, DOI 10.1016/S0145-2134(02)00541-0\par }
{\f1\fs22      Chan MKY, 2016, BRIT J PSYCHIAT, V209, P279, DOI 10.1192/bjp.bp.115.170050\par }
{\f1\fs22      Chaplo SD, 2015, J TRAUMA DISSOCIATIO, V16, P272, DOI 10.1080/15299732.2015.989647\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cox LJ, 2012, J CLIN PSYCHIAT, V73, P821, DOI 10.4088/JCP.11m07250\par }
{\f1\fs22      Davis JL, 2001, J TRAUMA STRESS, V14, P63, DOI 10.1023/A:1007835531614\par }
{\f1\fs22      Elklit A, 2001, PERS INDIV DIFFER, V31, P1291, DOI 10.1016/S0191-8869(00)00220-8\par }
{\f1\fs22      Fang XM, 2015, B WORLD HEALTH ORGAN, V93, P176, DOI 10.2471/BLT.14.140970\par }
{\f1\fs22      Feng Y., 2008, THESIS\par }
{\f1\fs22      Foster T, 1999, BRIT J PSYCHIAT, V175, P175, DOI 10.1192/bjp.175.2.175\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gilbert R, 2009, LANCET, V373, P68, DOI 10.1016/S0140-6736(08)61706-7\par }
{\f1\fs22      Han AH, 2018, BMC PSYCHIATRY, V18, DOI 10.1186/s12888-018-1607-0\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hawton K, 2012, LANCET, V379, P2373, DOI 10.1016/S0140-6736(12)60322-5\par }
{\f1\fs22      HERMAN JL, 1989, AM J PSYCHIAT, V146, P490\par }
{\f1\fs22      Holmes MR, 2015, BEHAV SCI-BASEL, V5, P176, DOI 10.3390/bs5020176\par }
{\f1\fs22      [\u32993?\u26376?\u29748? HU YueQin], 2008, [\u24515?\u29702?\u23398?\u25253?, Acta Psychologica Sinica], V40, P902\par }
{\f1\fs22      Huang LH, 2018, INT J ENV RES PUB HE, V15, DOI 10.3390/ijerph15122852\par }
{\f1\fs22      Huang LH, 2015, PSYCHOL RES BEHAV MA, V8, P231, DOI 10.2147/PRBM.S75382\par }
{\f1\fs22      Jennissen S, 2016, CHILD ABUSE NEGLECT, V62, P51, DOI 10.1016/j.chiabu.2016.10.015\par }
{\f1\fs22      Linehan M. M., 1993, CURRENT PSYCHIAT REP, V6, P225, DOI DOI 10.1007/S11920-004-0068-Y\par }
{\f1\fs22      Luthar S. S., 2003, RESILIENCE VULNERABI\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ma Y.-H., 2016, THESIS\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mishara BL, 1999, SUICIDE LIFE-THREAT, V29, P105\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nagra GS, 2016, PSYCHIAT RES, V241, P78, DOI 10.1016/j.psychres.2016.04.103\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2004, J CONSULT CLIN PSYCH, V72, P885, DOI 10.1037/0022-006X.72.5.885\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ogle RL, 2008, AM J ORTHOPSYCHIAT, V78, P442, DOI 10.1037/a0014325\par }
{\f1\fs22      Olweus D., 1996, REVISED OLWEUS BULLY\par }
{\f1\fs22      Owens D, 2002, BRIT J PSYCHIAT, V181, P193, DOI 10.1192/bjp.181.3.193\par }
{\f1\fs22      Paul E, 2019, EUR CHILD ADOLES PSY, V28, P1311, DOI 10.1007/s00787-019-01287-8\par }
{\f1\fs22      Peh CX, 2017, CHILD ABUSE NEGLECT, V67, P383, DOI 10.1016/j.chiabu.2017.03.013\par }
{\f1\fs22      Roche DN, 1999, J INTERPERS VIOLENCE, V14, P184, DOI 10.1177/088626099014002006\par }
{\f1\fs22      Shenk CE, 2010, J YOUTH ADOLESCENCE, V39, P335, DOI 10.1007/s10964-009-9456-2\par }
{\f1\fs22      Swannell S, 2012, CHILD ABUSE NEGLECT, V36, P572, DOI 10.1016/j.chiabu.2012.05.005\par }
{\f1\fs22      Swanson EN, 2014, J CHILD PSYCHOL PSYC, V55, P505, DOI 10.1111/jcpp.12193\par }
{\f1\fs22      Tian X, 2019, BMC PUBLIC HEALTH, V19, DOI 10.1186/s12889-019-8075-4\par }
{\f1\fs22      Titelius EN, 2018, J AGGRESS MALTREAT T, V27, P323, DOI 10.1080/10926771.2017.1338814\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wan YH, 2019, BRIT J PSYCHIAT, V214, P146, DOI 10.1192/bjp.2018.263\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wan YH, 2015, PLOS ONE, V10, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0131239\par }
{\f1\fs22      World Health Organization, 2016, CHILD MALTREATMENT\par }
{\f1\fs22      Xin XH, 2017, J ABNORM CHILD PSYCH, V45, P815, DOI 10.1007/s10802-016-0201-5\par }
{\f1\fs22      Yang X, 2013, CHIN J HLTH PSYCHOL, V9, P1408\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tian, Xin Yang, Guangya Jiang, Linling Yang, Runxu Ran, Hailiang Xie, Fujia Xu, Xiufeng Lu, Jin Xiao, Yuanyuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yang, Guangya/ABD-4977-2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yang, Guangya/0000-0003-4695-6705; Ran, Hailiang/0000-0001-7290-3880\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yunnan Applied Basic Research Projects-Kunming Medical University Union Foundation [2018FE001(-132)]; Top Young Talents of Yunnan Ten Thousand Talents Plan [YNWR-QNBJ-2018-286]; Innovative Research Team of Yunnan Province [2019(6)]; Yunnan Health Training Projects of Highly Level Talents [D-2017048]; Research Project of Medical and Sanitary Institution of Yunnan Province [2018NS0110]\par }
{\f1\fs22 This work was supported by the Yunnan Applied Basic Research Projects-Kunming Medical University Union Foundation [2018FE001(-132)], the Top Young Talents of Yunnan Ten Thousand Talents Plan (YNWR-QNBJ-2018-286), the Innovative Research Team of Yunnan Province [2019(6)], the Yunnan Health Training Projects of Highly Level Talents (D-2017048), and the Research Project of Medical and Sanitary Institution of Yunnan Province (2018NS0110). The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.\par }
{\f1\fs22 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 10\par }
{\f1\fs22 Peerj inc\par }
{\f1\fs22 London\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000566881800004\par }
{\f1\fs22 https://peerj.com/articles/9800/\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1045716945/peerj-9800.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Tian, Xin; Ran, Hailiang; Xiao, Yuanyuan] Kunming Med Univ, Sch Publ Hlth, Kunming, Yunnan, Peoples R China. [Tian, Xin; Jiang, Linling; Yang, Runxu; Xie, Fujia; Xu, Xiufeng; Lu, Jin] Kunming Med Univ, Affiliated Hosp 1, Kunming, Yunnan, Peoples R China. [Yang, Guangya] Lincang Psychiat Hosp, Lincang, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, YY (corresponding author), Kunming Med Univ, Sch Publ Hlth, Kunming, Yunnan, Peoples R China.; Lu, J (corresponding author), Kunming Med Univ, Affiliated Hosp 1, Kunming, Yunnan, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jinlu2000@163.com; 33225647@qq.com\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Tripp, D. A.\line %A Jones, K.\line %A Mihajlovic, V.\line %A Westcott, S.\line %A MacQueen, G.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Childhood trauma, depression, resilience and suicide risk in individuals with inflammatory bowel disease\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Health Psychol\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 27\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 7\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1626-1634\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20210315\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jun\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Childhood trauma, depression, resilience and suicide risk in individuals with inflammatory bowel disease\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1359-1053 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1359-1053\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1177/1359105321999085\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 Declaration of Conflicting Interests: The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC9092906\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 33719635\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K *Adverse Childhood Experiences\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Inflammatory Bowel Diseases\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 childhood trauma\par }
{\f1\fs22 depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 inflammatory bowel disease\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Despite the prevalence of suicide risk in inflammatory bowel disease populations, research has yet to examine associations between childhood trauma, resilience, depression and suicide risk. In the present online study, 172 participants responded to measures of childhood trauma, resilience, depression and suicide risk. A moderated mediation revealed that resilience does not moderate the associations between childhood trauma, depressive symptoms and suicide risk. However, a serial mediation revealed that childhood trauma is associated with decreased resilience, which is related to higher depressive symptoms, and ultimately higher suicide risk, thus suggesting resilience and depression as significant intervention targets.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1461-7277\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tripp, Dean A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jones, Krista\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-7983-2381\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mihajlovic, Valentina\par }
{\f1\fs22 Orcid: 0000-0002-8831-4316\par }
{\f1\fs22 Westcott, Sandra\par }
{\f1\fs22 MacQueen, Glenda\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/03/16\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Health Psychol. 2022 Jun;27(7):1626-1634. doi: 10.1177/1359105321999085. Epub 2021 Mar 15.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/1359105321999085\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0715078780/Tripp-2022-Childhood trauma, depression, resil.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Queen's University, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 McMaster University, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 University of Calgary, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Colpe, L. J.\line %A Heeringa, S. G.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\line %A Schoenbaum, M.\line %A Stein, M. B.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2014\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T The Army study to assess risk and resilience in servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 77\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 107-19\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Summer\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! The Army study to assess risk and resilience in servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0033-2747 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0033-2747\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1521/psyc.2014.77.2.107\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC4075436\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS601138\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 24865195\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Anxiety Disorders/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Case-Control Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depressive Disorder/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/*psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prospective Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Retrospective Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment/*methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/prevention & control/*psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/prevention & control/*psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X IMPORTANCE/OBJECTIVE: Although the suicide rate in the U.S. Army has traditionally been below age-gender matched civilian rates, it has climbed steadily since the beginning of the Iraq and Afghanistan conflicts and since 2008 has exceeded the demographically matched civilian rate. The Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS) is a multicomponent epidemiological and neurobiological study designed to generate actionable evidence-based recommendations to reduce Army suicides and increase knowledge about risk and resilience factors for suicidality and its psychopathological correlates. This paper presents an overview of the Army STARRS component study designs and of recent findings. DESIGN/SETTING/PARTICIPANTS/INTERVENTION: Army STARRS includes six main component studies: (1) the Historical Administrative Data Study (HADS) of Army and Department of Defense (DoD) administrative data systems (including records of suicidal behaviors) for all soldiers on active duty 2004-2009 aimed at finding administrative record predictors of suicides; (2) retrospective case-control studies of fatal and nonfatal suicidal behaviors (each planned to have n = 150 cases and n = 300 controls); (3) a study of new soldiers (n = 50,765 completed surveys) assessed just before beginning basic combat training (BCT) with self-administered questionnaires (SAQ), neurocognitive tests, and blood samples; (4) a cross-sectional study of approximately 35,000 (completed SAQs) soldiers representative of all other (i.e., exclusive of BCT) active duty soldiers; (5) a pre-post deployment study (with blood samples) of soldiers in brigade combat teams about to deploy to Afghanistan (n = 9,421 completed baseline surveys), with sub-samples assessed again one, three, and nine months after returning from deployment; and (6) a pilot study to follow-up SAQ respondents transitioning to civilian life. Army/DoD administrative data are being linked prospectively to the large-scale survey samples to examine predictors of subsequent suicidality and related mental health outcomes. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Measures (self-report and administratively recorded) of suicidal behaviors and their psychopathological correlates. RESULTS: Component study cooperation rates are comparatively high. Sample biases are relatively small. Inefficiencies introduced into parameter estimates by using nonresponse adjustment weights and time-space clustering are small. Initial findings show that the suicide death rate, which rose over 2004-2009, increased for those deployed, those never deployed, and those previously deployed. Analyses of administrative records show that those deployed or previously deployed were at greater suicide risk. Receiving a waiver to enter the Army was not associated with increased risk. However, being demoted in the past two years was associated with increased risk. Time in current deployment, length of time since return from most recent deployment, total number of deployments, and time interval between most recent deployments (known as dwell time) were not associated with suicide risk. Initial analyses of survey data show that 13.9% of currently active non-deployed regular Army soldiers considered suicide at some point in their lifetime, while 5.3% had made a suicide plan, and 2.4% had attempted suicide. Importantly, 47-60% of these outcomes first occurred prior to enlistment. Prior mental disorders, in particular major depression and intermittent explosive disorder, were the strongest predictors of these self-reported suicidal behaviors. Most onsets of plans-attempts among ideators (58.3-63.3%) occurred within the year of onset of ideation. About 25.1% of non-deployed U.S. Army personnel met 30-day criteria for a DSM-IV anxiety, mood, disruptive behavior, or substance disorder (15.0% an internalizing disorder; 18.4% an externalizing disorder) and 11.1% for multiple disorders. Importantly, three-fourths of these disorders had pre-enlistment onsets. CONCLUSIONS: Integration across component studies creates strengths going well beyond those in conventional applications of the same individual study designs. These design features create a strong methodological foundation from which Army STARRS can pursue its substantive research goals. The early findings reported here illustrate the importance of the study and its approach as a model of studying rare events particularly of national security concern. Continuing analyses of the data will inform suicide prevention for the U.S. Army.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1943-281x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Colpe, Lisa J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Heeringa, Steven G\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Schoenbaum, Michael\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Army STARRS collaborators\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2014/05/29\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry. 2014 Summer;77(2):107-19. doi: 10.1521/psyc.2014.77.2.107.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4075436/pdf/nihms-601138.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1250648706/Ursano-2014-The Army study to assess risk and.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Heeringa, S. G.\line %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Jain, S.\line %A Raman, R.\line %A Sun, X.\line %A Chiu, W. T.\line %A Colpe, L. J.\line %A Fullerton, C. S.\line %A Gilman, S. E.\line %A Hwang, I.\line %A Naifeh, J. A.\line %A Nock, M. K.\line %A Rosellini, A. J.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Schoenbaum, M.\line %A Zaslavsky, A. M.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Prevalence and correlates of suicidal behavior among new soldiers in the U.S. Army: results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Depress Anxiety\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 32\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 3-12\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20141022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jan\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Prevalence and correlates of suicidal behavior among new soldiers in the U.S. Army: results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1091-4269 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1091-4269\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/da.22317\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC5113817\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS827434\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 25338964\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/*psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prevalence\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self Report\par }
{\f1\fs22 Socioeconomic Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 military personnel\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide attempt\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: The prevalence of suicide among U.S. Army soldiers has risen dramatically in recent years. Prior studies suggest that most soldiers with suicidal behaviors (i.e., ideation, plans, and attempts) had first onsets prior to enlistment. However, those data are based on retrospective self-reports of soldiers later in their Army careers. Unbiased examination of this issue requires investigation of suicidality among new soldiers. METHOD: The New Soldier Study (NSS) of the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS) used fully structured self-administered measures to estimate preenlistment histories of suicide ideation, plans, and attempts among new soldiers reporting for Basic Combat Training in 2011-2012. Survival models examined sociodemographic correlates of each suicidal outcome. RESULTS: Lifetime prevalence estimates of preenlistment suicide ideation, plans, and attempts were 14.1, 2.3, and 1.9%, respectively. Most reported onsets of suicide plans and attempts (73.3-81.5%) occurred within the first year after onset of ideation. Odds of these lifetime suicidal behaviors among new soldiers were positively, but weakly associated with being female, unmarried, religion other than Protestant or Catholic, and a race/ethnicity other than non-Hispanic White, non-Hispanic Black, or Hispanic. CONCLUSIONS: Lifetime prevalence estimates of suicidal behaviors among new soldiers are consistent with retrospective reports of preenlistment prevalence obtained from soldiers later in their Army careers. Given that prior suicidal behaviors are among the strongest predictors of later suicides, consideration should be given to developing methods of obtaining valid reports of preenlistment suicidality from new soldiers to facilitate targeting of preventive interventions.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1520-6394\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Heeringa, Steven G\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jain, Sonia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Raman, Rema\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sun, Xiaoying\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chiu, Wai Tat\par }
{\f1\fs22 Colpe, Lisa J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fullerton, Carol S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gilman, Stephen E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hwang, Irving\par }
{\f1\fs22 Naifeh, James A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nock, Matthew K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rosellini, Anthony J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Schoenbaum, Michael\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zaslavsky, Alan M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2014/10/24\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depress Anxiety. 2015 Jan;32(1):3-12. doi: 10.1002/da.22317. Epub 2014 Oct 22.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://deepblue.lib.umich.edu/bitstream/handle/2027.42/110590/da22317.pdf?sequence=1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1473796317/Ursano-2015-Prevalence and correlates of suici.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Department of Psychiatry, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, Maryland.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Ursano, Robert J.\line %A Kessler, Ronald C.\line %A Heeringa, Steven G.\line %A Cox, Kenneth L.\line %A Naifeh, James A.\line %A Fullerton, Carol S.\line %A Sampson, Nancy A.\line %A Kao, Tzu-Cheg\line %A Aliaga, Pablo A.\line %A Vegella, Patti\line %A Mash, Holly Herberman\line %A Buckley, Christina\line %A Colpe, Lisa J.\line %A Schoenbaum, Michael\line %A Stein, Murray B.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Nonfatal suicidal behaviors in US Army administrative records, 2004-2009: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychiatry: Interpersonal and Biological Processes\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 78\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1-21\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Spr 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Nonfatal suicidal behaviors in US Army administrative records, 2004-2009: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0033-2747\par }
{\f1\fs22 1943-281X\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/00332747.2015.1006512\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2015-28787-001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K definite suicide attempt\par }
{\f1\fs22 probable suicide attempt\par }
{\f1\fs22 suspicious injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 probable suicide ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 army service members\par }
{\f1\fs22 Age Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sex Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Socioeconomic Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Army Personnel\par }
{\f1\fs22 Attempted Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Duty Status\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 80(2) of Psychiatry: Interpersonal and Biological Processes (see record [rid]2017-33699-012[/rid]). In the original article, the variable labeled 'age at entry' should be labeled 'current age' in Tables 3, 4, and 5, and similarly in each occurrence in the text. In addition, in Table 4, in the column 'Definite Suicide Attempt,' the rate for 'Previously Married' should be 81.5 (106/130).] Objective: Although the U.S. Army suicide rate is known to have risen sharply over the past decade, information about medically documented, nonfatal suicidal behaviors is far more limited. Here we examine trends and sociodemographic correlates of suicide attempts, suspicious injuries, and suicide ideation among regular Army soldiers. Methods: Data come from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS) Historical Administrative Data Study (HADS), which integrates administrative records for all soldiers on active duty during the years 2004 through 2009 (n = 1.66 million). Results: We identified 21,740 unique regular Army soldiers with a nonfatal suicidal event documented at some point during the HADS study period. There were substantial increases in the annual incidence rates of suicide attempts (179-400/100,000 person-years) and suicide ideation (557-830/100,000 person-years), but not suspicious injuries. Using hierarchical classification rules to identify the first instance of each soldier\u8217?s most severe behavior, we found increased risk of all outcomes among those who were female, non-Hispanic White, never married, lower-ranking enlisted, less educated, and of younger age when entering Army service. These sociodemographic associations significantly differed across outcomes, despite some patterns that appear similar. Conclusion: Results provide a broad overview of nonfatal suicidal trends in the U.S. Army during 2004 through 2009 and demonstrate that integration of multiple administrative data systems enriches analysis of the predictors of such events. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Department of Psychiatry, Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, MD, US. Institutional Authors: Army STARRS collaborators. Other Publishers: Guilford Publications. Release Date: 20150810. Correction Date: 20201119. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Print. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Army Personnel; Attempted Suicide; Military Duty Status; Self-Injurious Behavior; Suicidal Ideation. Classification: Behavior Disorders & Antisocial Behavior (3230); Military Psychology (3800). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: US. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300); Young Adulthood (18-29 yrs) (320). Tests & Measures: Theater Medical Data Store; DoDSER System; Military Health System Data Repository; TRANSCOM (Transportation Command) Regulating and Command and Control Evacuating System. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. Supplemental Data: Other Internet. References Available: Y. Page Count: 21. Issue Publication Date: Spr 2015. Copyright Statement: Washington School of Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: National Institutes of Health, National Institute of Mental Health, US Department of Health and Human Services, US. Grant: U01MH087981. Recipients: No recipient indicated\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2015-28787-001&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 ORCID: 0000-0001-7248-3054\par }
{\f1\fs22 robert.ursano@usuhs.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4503376/pdf/nihms693468.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3607404333/Ursano-2015-Nonfatal suicidal behaviors in US.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Ursano, Robert J., Department of Psychiatry, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, 4310 Jones Bridge Road, Bethesda, MD, US, 20814\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Ursano, Robert J.\line %A Kessler, Ronald C.\line %A Heeringa, Steven G.\line %A Cox, Kenneth L.\line %A Naifeh, James A.\line %A Fullerton, Carol S.\line %A Sampson, Nancy A.\line %A Kao, Tzu-Cheg\line %A Aliaga, Pablo A.\line %A Vegella, Patti\line %A Mash, Holly Herberman\line %A Buckley, Christina\line %A Colpe, Lisa J.\line %A Schoenbaum, Michael\line %A Stein, Murray B.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T 'Non-fatal suicidal behaviors in US Army administrative records, 2004\u8211?2009: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers': Corrigendum\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychiatry: Interpersonal and Biological Processes\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 80\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 206-206\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! 'Non-fatal suicidal behaviors in US Army administrative records, 2004\u8211?2009: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers': Corrigendum\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0033-2747\par }
{\f1\fs22 1943-281X\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2017-33699-012\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K definite suicide attempt\par }
{\f1\fs22 probable suicide attempt\par }
{\f1\fs22 suspicious injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 probable suicide ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 army service members\par }
{\f1\fs22 Army Personnel\par }
{\f1\fs22 Attempted Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Duty Status\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Reports an error in 'Nonfatal Suicidal Behaviors in U.S. Army Administrative Records, 2004-2009: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)' by R. J. Ursano, R. C. Kessler, S. G. Heeringa, K. L. Cox, J. A. Naifeh, C. S. Fullerton, N. A. Sampson, T-C. Kao, P. A. Aliaga, P. Vegella, H. H. Mash, C. Buckley, L. J. Colpe, M. Schoenbaum and M. B. Stein (Psychiatry: Interpersonal and Biological Processes, 2015[Spr], Vol 78[1], 1-21). In the original article, the variable labeled 'age at entry' should be labeled 'current age' in Tables 3, 4, and 5, and similarly in each occurrence in the text. In addition, in Table 4, in the column 'Definite Suicide Attempt,' the rate for 'Previously Married' should be 81.5 (106/130). (The following abstract of the original article appeared in record [rid]2015-28787-001[/rid]). Objective: Although the U.S. Army suicide rate is known to have risen sharply over the past decade, information about medically documented, nonfatal suicidal behaviors is far more limited. Here we examine trends and sociodemographic correlates of suicide attempts, suspicious injuries, and suicide ideation among regular Army soldiers. Methods: Data come from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS) Historical Administrative Data Study (HADS), which integrates administrative records for all soldiers on active duty during the years 2004 through 2009 (n = 1.66 million). Results: We identified 21,740 unique regular Army soldiers with a nonfatal suicidal event documented at some point during the HADS study period. There were substantial increases in the annual incidence rates of suicide attempts (179-400/100,000 person-years) and suicide ideation (557-830/100,000 person-years), but not suspicious injuries. Using hierarchical classification rules to identify the first instance of each soldier\u8217?s most severe behavior, we found increased risk of all outcomes among those who were female, non-Hispanic White, never married, lower-ranking enlisted, less educated, and of younger age when entering Army service. These sociodemographic associations significantly differed across outcomes, despite some patterns that appear similar. Conclusion: Results provide a broad overview of nonfatal suicidal trends in the U.S. Army during 2004 through 2009 and demonstrate that integration of multiple administrative data systems enriches analysis of the predictors of such events. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Department of Psychiatry, Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, MD, US. Other Publishers: Guilford Publications. Release Date: 20170817. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Erratum/Correction. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Army Personnel; Attempted Suicide; Military Duty Status; Self-Injurious Behavior; Suicidal Ideation. Classification: Behavior Disorders & Antisocial Behavior (3230); Military Psychology (3800). Population: Human (10). Page Count: 1. Issue Publication Date: Apr, 2017. Copyright Statement: Washington School of Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2017-33699-012&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 robert.ursano@usuhs.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Ursano, Robert J., Department of Psychiatry, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, 4310 Jones Bridge Road, Bethesda, MD, US, 20814\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\line %A Heeringa, S. G.\line %A Cox, K. L.\line %A Naifeh, J. A.\line %A Fullerton, C. S.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Kao, T. C.\line %A Aliaga, P. A.\line %A Vegella, P.\line %A Mash, H. H.\line %A Buckley, C.\line %A Colpe, L. J.\line %A Schoenbaum, M.\line %A Stein, M. B.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2015\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Nonfatal Suicidal Behaviors in U.S. Army Administrative Records, 2004-2009: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 78\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1-21\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Nonfatal Suicidal Behaviors in U.S. Army Administrative Records, 2004-2009: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0033-2747 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0033-2747\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/00332747.2015.1006512\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC4503376\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS693468\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 26168022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Age Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment/methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sex Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Socioeconomic Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*psychology/trends\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVE: Although the U.S. Army suicide rate is known to have risen sharply over the past decade, information about medically documented, nonfatal suicidal behaviors is far more limited. Here we examine trends and sociodemographic correlates of suicide attempts, suspicious injuries, and suicide ideation among regular Army soldiers. METHODS: Data come from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS) Historical Administrative Data Study (HADS), which integrates administrative records for all soldiers on active duty during the years 2004 through 2009 (n = 1.66 million). RESULTS: We identified 21,740 unique regular Army soldiers with a nonfatal suicidal event documented at some point during the HADS study period. There were substantial increases in the annual incidence rates of suicide attempts (179-400/100,000 person-years) and suicide ideation (557-830/100,000 person-years), but not suspicious injuries. Using hierarchical classification rules to identify the first instance of each soldier's most severe behavior, we found increased risk of all outcomes among those who were female, non-Hispanic White, never married, lower-ranking enlisted, less educated, and of younger age when entering Army service. These sociodemographic associations significantly differed across outcomes, despite some patterns that appear similar. CONCLUSION: Results provide a broad overview of nonfatal suicidal trends in the U.S. Army during 2004 through 2009 and demonstrate that integration of multiple administrative data systems enriches analysis of the predictors of such events.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1943-281x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Heeringa, Steven G\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cox, Kenneth L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Naifeh, James A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fullerton, Carol S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kao, Tzu-Cheg\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aliaga, Pablo A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Vegella, Patti\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mash, Holly Herberman\par }
{\f1\fs22 Buckley, Christina\par }
{\f1\fs22 Colpe, Lisa J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Schoenbaum, Michael\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Army STARRS collaborators\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2015/07/15\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry. 2015;78(1):1-21. doi: 10.1080/00332747.2015.1006512.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\line %A Naifeh, J. A.\line %A Herberman Mash, H.\line %A Fullerton, C. S.\line %A Aliaga, P. A.\line %A Wynn, G. H.\line %A Ng, T. H. H.\line %A Dinh, H. M.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Kao, T. C.\line %A Bliese, P. D.\line %A Stein, M. B.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Associations of Time-Related Deployment Variables With Risk of Suicide Attempt Among Soldiers: Results From the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B JAMA Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 75\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 6\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 596-604\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jun 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Associations of Time-Related Deployment Variables With Risk of Suicide Attempt Among Soldiers: Results From the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 2168-622X (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 2168-622x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2018.0296\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 Conflict of Interest Disclosures: In the past 3 years, Dr Kessler reported receiving support for his epidemiological studies from Sanofi; reported being a consultant for Johnson & Johnson Wellness and Prevention, Shire, and Takeda; and reported serving on an advisory board for the Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc, Lake Nona Life Project. Dr Kessler reported being a co-owner of DataStat, Inc, a market research firm that carries out health care research. Dr Stein reported having been a consultant for Actelion Pharmaceuticals, Healthcare Management Technologies, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Pfizer, Remedy Therapeutics, Oxeia Biopharmaceuticals, and Tonix Pharmaceuticals. No other disclosures were reported.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC6137524\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 29710270\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Case-Control Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Longitudinal Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/psychology/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Odds Ratio\par }
{\f1\fs22 Retrospective Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Time Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X IMPORTANCE: There has been limited systematic examination of whether risk of suicide attempt (SA) among US Army soldiers is associated with time-related deployment variables, such as time in service before first deployment, duration of first deployment, and dwell time (DT) (ie, length of time between deployments). OBJECTIVE: To examine the associations of time-related deployment variables with subsequent SA among soldiers who had deployed twice. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Using administrative data from January 1, 2004, through December 31, 2009, this longitudinal, retrospective cohort study identified person-month records of active-duty Regular Army enlisted soldiers who had served continuously in the US Army for at least 2 years and deployed exactly twice. The dates of analysis were March 1 to December 1, 2017. There were 593 soldiers with a medically documented SA during or after their second deployment. An equal-probability sample of control person-months was selected from other soldiers with exactly 2 deployments (n\u8201?=\u8201?19\u8239?034). Logistic regression analyses examined the associations of time in service before first deployment, duration of first deployment, and DT with subsequent SA. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Suicide attempts during or after second deployment were identified using US Department of Defense Suicide Event Report records and International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification E950 to E958 diagnostic codes. Independent variables were constructed from US Army personnel records. RESULTS: Among 593 SA cases, most were male (513 [86.5%]), white non-Hispanic (392 [66.1%]), at least high school educated (477 [80.4%]), currently married (398 [67.1%]), and younger than 21 years when they entered the US Army (384 [64.8%]). In multivariable models adjusting for sociodemographics, service-related characteristics, and previous mental health diagnosis, odds of SA during or after second deployment were higher among soldiers whose first deployment occurred within the first 12 months of service vs after 12 months (odds ratio, 2.0; 95% CI, 1.6-2.4) and among those with a DT of 6 months or less vs longer than 6 months (odds ratio, 1.6; 95% CI, 1.2-2.0). Duration of first deployment was not associated with subsequent SA. Analysis of 2-way interactions indicated that the associations of early deployment and DT with SA risk were not modified by other characteristics. Multivariable population-attributable risk proportions were 14.2% for deployment within the first 12 months of service and 4.0% for DT of 6 months or less. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Time in service before first deployment and DT are modifiable risk factors for SA risk among soldiers.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 2168-6238\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Naifeh, James A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Herberman Mash, Holly\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fullerton, Carol S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aliaga, Pablo A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wynn, Gary H\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ng, Tsz Hin H\par }
{\f1\fs22 Dinh, Hieu M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kao, Tzu-Cheg\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bliese, Paul D\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2018/05/02\par }
{\f1\fs22 JAMA Psychiatry. 2018 Jun 1;75(6):596-604. doi: 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2018.0296.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapsychiatry/articlepdf/2678213/jamapsychiatry_ursano_2018_oi_180012.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3316093845/Ursano-2018-Associations of Time-Related Deplo.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Department of Psychiatry, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, Maryland.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Preventive Medicine and Biostatistics, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, Maryland.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Darla Moore School of Business, University of South Carolina, Columbia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, La Jolla.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Veterans Affairs San Diego Healthcare System, La Jolla, California.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Family Medicine and Public Health, University of California San Diego, La Jolla.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Utsey, S. O.\line %A Hook, J. N.\line %A Stanard, P.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2007\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T A re-examination of cultural factors that mitigate risk and promote resilience in relation to African American suicide: a review of the literature and recommendations for future research\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Death Stud\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 31\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 5\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 399-416\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 May-Jun\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! A re-examination of cultural factors that mitigate risk and promote resilience in relation to African American suicide: a review of the literature and recommendations for future research\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0748-1187 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0748-1187\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/07481180701244553\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 17554836\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K African Americans/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Culture\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sociology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Spirituality\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Suicide among African Americans has been acknowledged by the U.S. Surgeon General as a growing crisis. However, suicide remains understudied in this population. In this article, the authors examine the literature related to cultural protective factors that buffer African Americans from suicide risk. They present an overview of suicide among African Americans, review the culture and world-view of African Americans, and examine the degree to which these cultural variables protect against suicide risk. Finally, they discuss the limitations of the extant research on African American suicide, set an agenda for future research, and discuss its implications for clinical practice and public policy.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Utsey, Shawn O\par }
{\f1\fs22 Hook, Joshua N\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stanard, Pia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Review\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2007/06/09\par }
{\f1\fs22 Death Stud. 2007 May-Jun;31(5):399-416. doi: 10.1080/07481180701244553.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychology, Virginia Commonwealth University, Box 842018, 800 W. Franklin Street, Richmond, VA 23284, USA. soutsey@vcu.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W HSR\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A van 't Land, C. K. J.\line %A Beket, E. S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T [Prevention of young people's suicide: strengthen resilience and focus on mental health problems]\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Ned Tijdschr Geneeskd\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 165\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20210722\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jul 22\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! [Prevention of young people's suicide: strengthen resilience and focus on mental health problems]\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0028-2162\par }
{\f1\fs22 %(Su\u239?cidepreventie bij jongeren.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 34346650\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 *covid-19\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 SARS-CoV-2\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide/prevention & control\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X It is highly tragic when a young person commits suicide. Van Vuuren et al. show trends among self-reported suicidal thoughts and suicidal attempts among over 25.000 Amsterdam children, aged 13 and 14, of different educational levels and ethnic backgrounds, between 2010 and 2015. They advise policy makers to base their choice of suicide prevention measures on the information about trends. In this commentary, we state that policy makers should refrain from doing so, because of the unclear relation between highly prevalent self-reported suicidal thoughts and attempts and extremely rare actual suicide, because of negligence of cultural aspects of suicide in handling the evidence and because trends based on data from 2010-2015 are useless when devising policies in the midst of the covid-19 crisis. We advise policy makers to focus on strengthening young people's resilience and on the prevention of mental health problems instead.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1876-8784\par }
{\f1\fs22 van 't Land, C Karine J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Beket, Elise S\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Netherlands\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/08/05\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ned Tijdschr Geneeskd. 2021 Jul 22;165:D6032.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Amsterdam UMC, Amsterdam: Afd. Public and Occupational Health.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Contact: C. (Karine) J. van 't Land (c.j.vantland@amsterdamumc.nl).\par }
{\f1\fs22 Amsterdam UMC, Amsterdam: Afd. Kinder- en Jeugdpsychiatrie en Psychosociale Zorg.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G dut\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A van der Wal, W.\line %A George, A. A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Social support-oriented coping and resilience for self-harm protection among adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Journal of Psychology in Africa\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 28\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 237-241\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Social support-oriented coping and resilience for self-harm protection among adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O J. Psychol. Afr.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1433-0237\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/14330237.2018.1475508\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000438135500012\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K coping\par }
{\f1\fs22 emotional reactivity\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-harm social support\par }
{\f1\fs22 coping\par }
{\f1\fs22 tension-reduction coping\par }
{\f1\fs22 personal resiliency\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 behaviors\par }
{\f1\fs22 thoughts\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The study aimed to investigate the extent to which social support-focused coping and resilience can predict lower risk for self-harm by at-risk adolescents. Participants were 962 high school learners from nine high schools in the Free State Province, South Africa (female = 57.9 %; black = 70.7 %; mean age = 16.34 years). They completed the Revised Coping Schemas Inventory and the Resiliency Scale for Children and Adolescents. Logistic regression analysis was computed to predict risk for self-harm from social support-focused coping and resilience. The results indicate that higher levels of social support predict lower risk for adolescent self-harm. Social support-oriented coping and resilience predicted tension-reduction and emotional reactivity. Social support-focused coping seems to have an influence in lowering the risk of self-harm amongst adolescents.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: GM4ZJ\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 6\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 41\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      Adler Patricia A., 2011, TENDER CUT INSIDE HI\par }
{\f1\fs22      Barnes M., 2015, THESIS\par }
{\f1\fs22      Basson N., 2008, THESIS\par }
{\f1\fs22      Borrill J, 2009, COUNS PSYCHOL Q, V22, P361, DOI 10.1080/09515070903334607\par }
{\f1\fs22      Brown TB, 2013, J MARITAL FAM THER, V39, P195, DOI 10.1111/j.1752-0606.2011.00270.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Carshagen H., 2012, THESIS\par }
{\f1\fs22      Chartrand H, 2012, DEPRESS ANXIETY, V29, P172, DOI 10.1002/da.20882\par }
{\f1\fs22      De Villiers M., 2009, THESIS\par }
{\f1\fs22      Deliberto TL, 2008, ARCH SUICIDE RES, V12, P219, DOI 10.1080/13811110802101096\par }
{\f1\fs22      Dimmock M, 2008, BRIT J SPEC EDUC, V35, P42, DOI 10.1111/j.1467-8578.2008.00368.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      du Plessis C., 2012, THESIS U FREE STATE\par }
{\f1\fs22      Evans E, 2005, J ADOLESCENCE, V28, P573, DOI 10.1016/j.adolescence.2004.11.001\par }
{\f1\fs22      FAVAZZA A., 1987, BODIES SIEGE SELF MU\par }
{\f1\fs22      Fischer G, 2013, TRIALS, V14, DOI 10.1186/1745-6215-14-294\par }
{\f1\fs22      Frydenberg E., 2008, ADOLESCENT COPING AD\par }
{\f1\fs22      Garisch JA, 2015, CHILD ADOL PSYCH MEN, V9, DOI 10.1186/s13034-015-0055-6\par }
{\f1\fs22      George A. A., 2012, RISK RESILIENC UNPUB\par }
{\f1\fs22      Greydanus DE, 2011, J MULTIDISCIP HEALTH, V4, P183, DOI 10.2147/JMDH.S11569\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hallab L, 2010, BEHAV CHANGE, V27, P93, DOI 10.1375/bech.27.2.93\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hamid PN, 2003, ADOLESCENCE, V38, P111\par }
{\f1\fs22      Khanlou N, 2014, INT J MENT HEALTH AD, V12, P64, DOI 10.1007/s11469-013-9470-1\par }
{\f1\fs22      Klonsky ED, 2008, J CONSULT CLIN PSYCH, V76, P22, DOI 10.1037/0022-006X.76.1.22\par }
{\f1\fs22      Levesque RJR, 2010, J YOUTH ADOLESCENCE, V39, P217, DOI 10.1007/s10964-009-9497-6\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mashego TAB, 2009, S AFR J PSYCHOL, V39, P489, DOI 10.1177/008124630903900410\par }
{\f1\fs22      Masten AS, 2001, AM PSYCHOL, V56, P227, DOI 10.1037/0003-066X.56.3.227\par }
{\f1\fs22      McDougall T., 2010, HELPING CHILDREN YOU\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mikolajczak M, 2009, BRIT J CLIN PSYCHOL, V48, P181, DOI 10.1348/014466508X386027\par }
{\f1\fs22      Moodley T., 2008, THESIS\par }
{\f1\fs22      Moran P, 2012, LANCET, V379, P236, DOI 10.1016/S0140-6736(11)61141-0\par }
{\f1\fs22      Narayanan, 2008, J INDIAN ACAD APPL P, V34, P110\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2007, PSYCHOL ASSESSMENT, V19, P309, DOI 10.1037/1040-3590.19.3.309\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nunnally J.C., 1967, PSYCHOMETRIC THEORY\par }
{\f1\fs22      Prince-Embury S., 2007, RESILIENCY SCALES CH\par }
{\f1\fs22      Prince-Embury S, 2011, PSYCHOL SCHOOLS, V48, P672, DOI 10.1002/pits.20581\par }
{\f1\fs22      Reddy S.P., 2010, UMTHENTE UHLABA USAM\par }
{\f1\fs22      Rodriguez M.S., 1998, HENCYCLOPEDIA MENTAL, P535, DOI DOI 10.1177/1038416214535109\par }
{\f1\fs22      SCHAEFER C, 1981, Journal of Behavioral Medicine, V4, P381, DOI 10.1007/BF00846149\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wolmarans L., 2010, THESIS\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wong PTR, 2006, INT CUL PSY, P223\par }
{\f1\fs22      Yip Kam-Shing, 2005, Child Adolesc Ment Health, V10, P80, DOI 10.1111/j.1475-3588.2005.00122.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zunic-Pavlovic V, 2013, CESK PSYCHOL, V57, P1\par }
{\f1\fs22 van der Wal, Wilmie George, Ancel A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 6\par }
{\f1\fs22 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 13\par }
{\f1\fs22 Routledge journals, taylor & francis ltd\par }
{\f1\fs22 Abingdon\par }
{\f1\fs22 1815-5626\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000438135500012\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://4259263876/vanderwal2018.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [van der Wal, Wilmie; George, Ancel A.] Univ Free State, Dept Psychol, Bloemfontein, South Africa.\par }
{\f1\fs22 van der Wal, W (corresponding author), Univ Free State, Dept Psychol, Bloemfontein, South Africa.\par }
{\f1\fs22 vanderwalw@ufs.ac.za\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A van der Wal, Wilmie\line %A George, Ancel A.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Social support-oriented coping and resilience for self-harm protection among adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Journal of Psychology in Africa\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 28\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 237-241\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Social support-oriented coping and resilience for self-harm protection among adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1433-0237\par }
{\f1\fs22 1815-5626\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/14330237.2018.1475508\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2018-33723-010\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K coping behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 emotional reactivity\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 at-risk adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent Development\par }
{\f1\fs22 At Risk Populations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emotional States\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The study aimed to investigate the extent to which social support-focused coping and resilience can predict lower risk for self-harm by at-risk adolescents. Participants were 962 high school learners from nine high schools in the Free State Province, South Africa (female = 57.9 %; black = 70.7 %; mean age = 16.34 years). They completed the Revised Coping Schemas Inventory and the Resiliency Scale for Children and Adolescents. Logistic regression analysis was computed to predict risk for self-harm from social support-focused coping and resilience. The results indicate that higher levels of social support predict lower risk for adolescent self-harm. Social support-oriented coping and resilience predicted tension-reduction and emotional reactivity. Social support-focused coping seems to have an influence in lowering the risk of self-harm amongst adolescents. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Journal of Psychology in Africa; South of the Sahara, the Caribbean, and Afro-Latin America. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: van der Wal, Wilmie; Department of Psychology, University of the Free State, Bloemfontein, South Africa. Other Publishers: Elliott & Fitzpatrick; National Information Services Corporation. Release Date: 20200130. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Adolescent Development; At Risk Populations; Coping Behavior; Resilience (Psychological); Self-Injurious Behavior. Minor Descriptor: Emotional States. Classification: Behavior Disorders & Antisocial Behavior (3230). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: South Africa. Age Group: Adolescence (13-17 yrs) (200). Tests & Measures: Revised Coping Schemas Inventory; Resiliency Scale for Children and Adolescents. Methodology: Empirical Study; Longitudinal Study; Quantitative Study. Page Count: 5. Issue Publication Date: Jun, 2018. Copyright Statement: Africa Scholarship Development Enterprize. 2018.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2018-33723-010&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 vanderwalw@ufs.ac.za\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ van der Wal, Wilmie\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Villalobos-Galvis, F. H.\line %A Ar\u233?valo Ojeda, C.\line %A Rojas Rivera, F. D.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2012\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T [Adapting the Suicide Resilience Inventory (SRI-25) for adolescents and young adults in Colombia]\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Rev Panam Salud Publica\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 31\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 233-9\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! [Adapting the Suicide Resilience Inventory (SRI-25) for adolescents and young adults in Colombia]\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1020-4989\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1590/s1020-49892012000300008\par }
{\f1\fs22 %(Adaptaci\u243?n del Inventario de Resiliencia ante el Suicidio (SRI-25) en adolescentes y j\u243?venes de Colombia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 22569698\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child\par }
{\f1\fs22 Colombia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Educational Status\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Language\par }
{\f1\fs22 Principal Component Analysis/methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 Private Sector\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychometrics\par }
{\f1\fs22 Public Sector\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sex Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Translations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVE: Describe the psychometric properties of the Suicide Resilience Inventory (SRI-25), adapted to Spanish, in a student sample of adolescents and young adults from San Juan de Pasto, Colombia. METHODS: The SRI-25 was adapted to the Spanish language by means of a simple translation. This involved the participation of 573 schoolchildren and college/ university students between 10 and 25 years of age. RESULTS: In an exploratory factorial analysis by principal components, a structure of three factors was found to explain 52.83% of the variance. Factorial analysis was carried out by sex, educational level, and developmental stage. On this basis, it was confirmed that in all the groups, the items are weighted on the same factors as in the original test: namely, internal protection, emotional stability, and external protection. A Cronbach's alpha coefficient of 0.922 was obtained for the total test. Concerning the validity of the construct, the SRI-25 presented significant correlations with measurements of self-esteem, social support, problem-solving skills, reasons for living, depression, despair, and suicidal ideas. CONCLUSIONS: It was proved that the SRI-25 is a useful instrument for measuring resilience to suicide among adolescents and young people pursuing their education in San Juan de Pasto, Colombia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1680-5348\par }
{\f1\fs22 Villalobos-Galvis, Fredy Hern\u225?n\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ar\u233?valo Ojeda, Carolina\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rojas Rivera, Fabio Dar\u237?o\par }
{\f1\fs22 Evaluation Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2012/05/10\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rev Panam Salud Publica. 2012 Mar;31(3):233-9. doi: 10.1590/s1020-49892012000300008.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://scielosp.org/article/ssm/content/raw/?resource_ssm_path=/media/assets/rpsp/v31n3/08.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://0178378362/Villalobos-Galv-2012-[Adapting the Suicide Res.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Universidad de Nari\u241?o, Departamento de Psicolog\u237?a, Pasto, Colombia. fhvillalobos@udenar.edu.co\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G spa\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Wadhwa, S.\line %A Heisel, M. J.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Enhancing the Assessment of Resiliency to Suicide Ideation among Older Adults: The Development and Initial Validation of the Reasons for Living-Suicide Resiliency Scale (RFL-SR)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Clin Gerontol\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 43\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 61-75\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20191021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jan-Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Enhancing the Assessment of Resiliency to Suicide Ideation among Older Adults: The Development and Initial Validation of the Reasons for Living-Suicide Resiliency Scale (RFL-SR)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0731-7115\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/07317115.2019.1675840\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 31635560\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aged, 80 and over\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Longitudinal Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychometrics\par }
{\f1\fs22 Reproducibility of Results\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rfl\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 older adults\par }
{\f1\fs22 psychological resiliency\par }
{\f1\fs22 reasons for living\par }
{\f1\fs22 screening\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicide ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Objectives: To derive a brief late-life suicide resiliency scale from the 69-item Reasons for Living Scale-Older Adult version (RFL-OA).Methods: We conducted a series of secondary analyses of RFL-OA data (N = 204) from a dataset combining: 1. A follow-up assessment of nursing home residents in the Geriatric Suicide Ideation Scale (GSIS) development study; 2. A trial of Interpersonal Psychotherapy (IPT) with suicidal older adults; 3. A longitudinal study of risk and resiliency to late-life suicide ideation. We specifically assessed the distributions of RFL-OA items and their associations with suicide ideation and behavior to create an RFL-Suicide Resiliency subscale (RFL-SR); we then tested the psychometric properties of this measure's items drawn from the larger RFL-OA.Results: Nine RFL-OA items were significantly associated with suicide ideation and history of suicide behavior and were not highly correlated with social desirability. Psychometric analyses supported the internal consistency, test-retest reliability, and construct validity of this scale.Conclusions: The items of the RFL-SR demonstrated strong psychometric properties with older adults in clinical and community settings.Clinical Implications: The RFL-SR may make a useful addition to suicide risk assessment in gerontological research and clinical practice.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1545-2301\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wadhwa, Sonia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Heisel, Marnin J\par }
{\f1\fs22 CIHR/Canada\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 Validation Study\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/10/23\par }
{\f1\fs22 Clin Gerontol. 2020 Jan-Feb;43(1):61-75. doi: 10.1080/07317115.2019.1675840. Epub 2019 Oct 21.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychiatry, Schulich School of Medicine and Dentistry, The University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Epidemiology & Biostatistics, Schulich School of Medicine and Dentistry, The University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lawson Health Research Institute, London, Ontario, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, Center for the Study and Prevention of Suicide, University of Rochester Medical Center, Rochester, New York, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Book Section\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Walsh, Froma\line %A McGoldrick, Monica\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2013\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T When a family deals with loss: Adaptational challenges, risk, and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %E Catherall, Don R.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Handbook of stress, trauma, and the family.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %C New York, NY\par }
{\f1\fs22 %I Routledge/Taylor & Francis Group\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 393-415\par }
{\f1\fs22 %S Brunner-Routledge psychosocial stress series\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! When a family deals with loss: Adaptational challenges, risk, and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 978-0-415-86110-6\par }
{\f1\fs22 0-415-94754-5\par }
{\f1\fs22 978-0-415-94754-1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2014-09164-019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K family\par }
{\f1\fs22 risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 intervention\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family Therapy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family Members\par }
{\f1\fs22 Family Relations\par }
{\f1\fs22 Treatment\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Loss can have a shattering impact on the family. It can reverberate in depression, substance abuse, rage, violent or self-destructive behavior, and anxiety about further loss, and it can fuel relationship conflict and cut-off. Yet resilience research reveals that the worst of times can also bring out the best in families with the potential for healing and growth out of tragedy. This chapter presents a systemic framework for family assessment and intervention with loss, identifying major family adaptational challenges. We discuss crucial variables that can complicate loss and heighten the risk for immediate or long-term dysfunction. The impact of loss is considered in a sociocultural context and in relation to the multigenerational family life cycle. Key family processes that facilitate recovery and resilience are described to inform therapeutic approaches to loss. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Accession Number: 2014-09164-019. Partial author list: First Author & Affiliation: Walsh, Froma; University of Chicago, Chicago, IL, US. Release Date: 20150803. Correction Date: 20201116. Publication Type: Book (0200), Edited Book (0280). Format Covered: Print. Document Type: Chapter. Book Type: Handbook/Manual. ISBN: 978-0-415-86110-6, ISBN Paperback; 0-415-94754-5, ISBN Hardcover; 978-0-415-94754-1, ISBN Hardcover. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Family Therapy; Intervention. Minor Descriptor: Family Members; Family Relations; Treatment. Classification: Group & Family Therapy (3313). Population: Human (10). Age Group: Childhood (birth-12 yrs) (100). Intended Audience: Psychology: Professional & Research (PS). References Available: Y. Page Count: 23.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2014-09164-019&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Wang, M. C.\line %A Lightsey, O. R., Jr.\line %A Tran, K. K.\line %A Bonaparte, T. S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2013\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Examining suicide protective factors among black college students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Death Stud\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 37\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 228-47\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Examining suicide protective factors among black college students\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0748-1187 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0748-1187\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/07481187.2011.623215\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC3929232\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS426008\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 24524434\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K African Americans/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/*ethnology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Logistic Models\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Motivation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Personal Satisfaction\par }
{\f1\fs22 Religion and Psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sex Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Southeastern United States/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Students/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*ethnology/*prevention & control\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X The purpose of this study was to contribute to the nascent literature on resilience and suicidality among Black Americans by examining factors that may predict less suicidal behavior among this population. The authors hypothesized that reasons for living, life satisfaction, and religious awareness would account for unique variance in suicidal thoughts and behavior among Black Americans, above the variance accounted for by depressive symptoms. They also hypothesized that reasons for living and religious awareness would be stronger inverse predictors among Black women than Black men. Results indicated that both depression and life satisfaction were stronger predictors of suicidal behavior among Black men. Among women, only reasons for living was a significant inverse predictor of suicidal thoughts and behavior. More frequent reasons for living moderated the relationship between depression and suicidal thoughts and behavior among Black women.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1091-7683\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wang, Mei-Chuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lightsey, Owen Richard Jr\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tran, Kimberly K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bonaparte, Taria S\par }
{\f1\fs22 P20 MD001089/MD/NIMHD NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 P20 MD001089-01/MD/NIMHD NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 2014/02/15\par }
{\f1\fs22 Death Stud. 2013 Mar;37(3):228-47. doi: 10.1080/07481187.2011.623215.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3929232/pdf/nihms426008.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3727750570/Wang-2013-Examining suicide protective factors.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychology, Fayetteville State University, Fayetteville, North Carolina 28301, USA. mwang@uncfsu.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Counseling, Educational Psychology and Research, The University of Memphis, Memphis, Tennessee, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Fayetteville State University, Fayetteville, North Carolina 28301, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Watson, C.\line %A Tatnell, R.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience and non-suicidal self-injury in LGBTQIA plus people: Targets for prevention and intervention\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Current Psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 41\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 307-314\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jan\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience and non-suicidal self-injury in LGBTQIA plus people: Targets for prevention and intervention\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O Curr. Psychol.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1046-1310\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1007/s12144-019-00573-7\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000566156500001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Non-suicidal self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 NSSI\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sexual orientation\par }
{\f1\fs22 LGBT\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 sexual orientation\par }
{\f1\fs22 gay\par }
{\f1\fs22 minority\par }
{\f1\fs22 stress\par }
{\f1\fs22 metaanalysis\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicidality\par }
{\f1\fs22 disparities\par }
{\f1\fs22 depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 distress\par }
{\f1\fs22 healthy\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Identifying as LGBTQIA+ is associated with greater risk of non-suicidal self-injury (NSSI); understanding why may aid in decreasing NSSI and associated risks in this vulnerable population. We examined discrimination, psychological distress, 'outness', resilience, and NSSI in 330 young adults (18-30) from the Australian LGBTQIA+ community. Individuals reporting NSSI reported more depression, anxiety and stress, and less resilience than those who had not engaged in NSSI. Perceived discrimination was not associated with NSSI engagement, however people identifying as queer reported more discrimination than other LGBTQIA+ participants. Additionally, not being 'out' in the workplace was associated with NSSI. Building resilience and social support within and for the LGBTQIA+ community may be beneficial in addressing LGBTQIA+ mental health and NSSI.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: YC8TP\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 42\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      Almeida J, 2009, J YOUTH ADOLESCENCE, V38, P1001, DOI 10.1007/s10964-009-9397-9\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bos Arjan E R, 2009, Issues Ment Health Nurs, V30, P509, DOI 10.1080/01612840802601382\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cheong C., 2016, THESIS\par }
{\f1\fs22      Colpitts E, 2016, INT J EQUITY HEALTH, V15, DOI 10.1186/s12939-016-0349-1\par }
{\f1\fs22      Davis MC, 2009, J PERS, V77, P1637, DOI 10.1111/j.1467-6494.2009.00595.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Faul F., 1992, GPOWER PRIORI POSTHO\par }
{\f1\fs22      Feldman SE, 2013, J GAY LESBIAN SOC SE, V25, P443, DOI 10.1080/10538720.2013.833066\par }
{\f1\fs22      Fingerhut AW, 2011, J SOC ISSUES, V67, P225, DOI 10.1111/j.1540-4560.2011.01695.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Friborg O, 2003, INT J METH PSYCH RES, V12, P65, DOI 10.1002/mpr.143\par }
{\f1\fs22      Garisch JA, 2015, CHILD ADOL PSYCH MEN, V9, DOI 10.1186/s13034-015-0055-6\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hasking Penelope, 2017, Cogn Emot, V31, P1543, DOI 10.1080/02699931.2016.1241219\par }
{\f1\fs22      HOUSE A. S., 2011, TRAUMATOLOGY, V17, P75, DOI DOI 10.1177/1534765610395621\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hu TQ, 2015, PERS INDIV DIFFER, V76, P18, DOI 10.1016/j.paid.2014.11.039\par }
{\f1\fs22      Jiang YQ, 2017, J ADOLESCENCE, V59, P124, DOI 10.1016/j.adolescence.2017.05.019\par }
{\f1\fs22      Klonsky ED, 2007, CLIN PSYCHOL REV, V27, P226, DOI 10.1016/j.cpr.2006.08.002\par }
{\f1\fs22      Klonsky ED, 2009, J PSYCHOPATHOL BEHAV, V31, P215, DOI 10.1007/s10862-008-9107-z\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kwon P, 2013, PERS SOC PSYCHOL REV, V17, P371, DOI 10.1177/1088868313490248\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lea T, 2014, ARCH SEX BEHAV, V43, P1571, DOI 10.1007/s10508-014-0266-6\par }
{\f1\fs22      Legate N, 2012, SOC PSYCHOL PERS SCI, V3, P145, DOI 10.1177/1948550611411929\par }
{\f1\fs22      LITTLE RJA, 1988, J AM STAT ASSOC, V83, P1198, DOI 10.2307/2290157\par }
{\f1\fs22      LOVIBOND PF, 1995, BEHAV RES THER, V33, P335, DOI 10.1016/0005-7967(94)00075-U\par }
{\f1\fs22      Luthar SS, 2000, CHILD DEV, V71, P543, DOI 10.1111/1467-8624.00164\par }
{\f1\fs22      Marshal MP, 2011, J ADOLESCENT HEALTH, V49, P115, DOI 10.1016/j.jadohealth.2011.02.005\par }
{\f1\fs22      McCartney J. T., 2016, THESIS\par }
{\f1\fs22      McGarrity LA, 2014, ANN BEHAV MED, V47, P28, DOI 10.1007/s12160-013-9575-6\par }
{\f1\fs22      McKenzie KC, 2014, PSYCHOPATHOLOGY, V47, P207, DOI 10.1159/000358097\par }
{\f1\fs22      Meyer IH, 2003, PSYCHOL BULL, V129, P674, DOI 10.1037/0033-2909.129.5.674\par }
{\f1\fs22      Meyer IH, 2002, J SEX RES, V39, P139, DOI 10.1080/00224490209552133\par }
{\f1\fs22      Molero F, 2013, SOC INDIC RES, V114, P901, DOI 10.1007/s11205-012-0179-5\par }
{\f1\fs22      Morris S., 2016, SNAPSHOT MENTAL HLTH\par }
{\f1\fs22      Muehlenkamp JJ, 2015, CHILD ADOL PSYCH MEN, V9, DOI 10.1186/s13034-015-0050-y\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nickels SJ, 2012, CHILD ADOLESC SOC WO, V29, P41, DOI 10.1007/s10560-011-0245-x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK., 2009, UNDERSTANDING NONSUI, P9, DOI DOI 10.1037/11875-001\par }
{\f1\fs22      Quinn DM, 2017, SOC SCI MED, V192, P14, DOI 10.1016/j.socscimed.2017.09.024\par }
{\f1\fs22      Reisner SL, 2014, AM J ORTHOPSYCHIAT, V84, P545, DOI 10.1037/ort0000008\par }
{\f1\fs22      Rostosky SS, 2010, AM J ORTHOPSYCHIAT, V80, P302, DOI 10.1111/j.1939-0025.2010.01033.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Skegg K, 2003, AM J PSYCHIAT, V160, P541, DOI 10.1176/appi.ajp.160.3.541\par }
{\f1\fs22      Swannell SV, 2014, SUICIDE LIFE-THREAT, V44, P273, DOI 10.1111/sltb.12070\par }
{\f1\fs22      Tabachnick B.G., 2007, USING MULTIVARIATE S, V5\par }
{\f1\fs22      Tatnell R, 2018, AUST J PSYCHOL, V70, P48, DOI 10.1111/ajpy.12166\par }
{\f1\fs22      Tatnell R, 2014, J ABNORM CHILD PSYCH, V42, P885, DOI 10.1007/s10802-013-9837-6\par }
{\f1\fs22      Weiss NH, 2015, CURR OPIN PSYCHOL, V3, P22, DOI 10.1016/j.copsyc.2015.01.013\par }
{\f1\fs22 Watson, Caroline Tatnell, Ruth\par }
{\f1\fs22 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 13\par }
{\f1\fs22 Springer\par }
{\f1\fs22 New york\par }
{\f1\fs22 1936-4733\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000566156500001\par }
{\f1\fs22 https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s12144-019-00573-7\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1862643533/s12144-019-00573-7.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Watson, Caroline] Monash Univ, Monash Inst Cognit & Clin Neurosci, Melbourne, Vic, Australia. [Tatnell, Ruth] Deakin Univ, Sch Psychol, 221 Burwood Highway, Burwood, Vic 3125, Australia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tatnell, R (corresponding author), Deakin Univ, Sch Psychol, 221 Burwood Highway, Burwood, Vic 3125, Australia.\par }
{\f1\fs22 ruth.tatnell@deakin.edu.au\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Wei, C.\line %A Li, Z.\line %A Ma, T.\line %A Jiang, X.\line %A Yu, C.\line %A Xu, Q.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Stressful life events and non-suicidal self-injury among Chinese adolescents: A moderated mediation model of depression and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Front Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 10\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 944726\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20220804\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Stressful life events and non-suicidal self-injury among Chinese adolescents: A moderated mediation model of depression and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 2296-2565\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.3389/fpubh.2022.944726\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 The authors declare that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC9387939\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 35991060\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Adolescent Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 China/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 non-suicidal self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 stressful life events\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Stressful life events are associated with an increased risk of non-suicidal self-injury (NSSI) in adolescence, but the mechanisms explaining this association are unclear. Based on the experiential avoidance model of NSSI, and the protective factor model of resilience, the current study tested depression as a mediator and resilience as a moderator of this association. Chinese adolescents (N = 643; M (age) = 15.91; 52.10 % female), anonymously completed self-report measures in classrooms. Results showed that stressful life events was linked to adolescent NSSI in part because of adolescent depression, and resilience was a protective factor that buffered this effect. These findings can inspire practitioners to pay attention to the interaction of risk factors and protective factors when providing prevention and intervention for adolescent NSSI.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 2296-2565\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wei, Chang\par }
{\f1\fs22 Li, Zhiyong\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ma, Tao\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jiang, Xiaxia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yu, Chengfu\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xu, Qian\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 2022/08/23\par }
{\f1\fs22 Front Public Health. 2022 Aug 4;10:944726. doi: 10.3389/fpubh.2022.944726. eCollection 2022.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Research Center for Rural Educational and Cultural Development of Key Research Base of Humanities and Social Sciences in Hubei Province, School of Education, Hubei University of Science and Technology, Xianning, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Psychology, South China Normal University, Guangzhou, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 College of Education Science, Hubei Normal University, Huangshi, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Psychology, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Education, Guangzhou University, Guangzhou, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Wei, C.\line %A Li, Z. Y.\line %A Ma, T.\line %A Jiang, X. X.\line %A Yu, C. F.\line %A Xu, Q.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Stressful life events and non-suicidal self-injury among Chinese adolescents: A moderated mediation model of depression and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Frontiers in Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 10\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 9\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Aug\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Stressful life events and non-suicidal self-injury among Chinese adolescents: A moderated mediation model of depression and resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O Front. Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.3389/fpubh.2022.944726\par }
{\f1\fs22 %] 944726\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000843092700001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 stressful life events\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 non-suicidal\par }
{\f1\fs22 self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 symptoms\par }
{\f1\fs22 harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 Public, Environmental & Occupational Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Stressful life events are associated with an increased risk of non-suicidal self-injury (NSSI) in adolescence, but the mechanisms explaining this association are unclear. Based on the experiential avoidance model of NSSI, and the protective factor model of resilience, the current study tested depression as a mediator and resilience as a moderator of this association. Chinese adolescents (N = 643; M-age = 15.91; 52.10 % female), anonymously completed self-report measures in classrooms. Results showed that stressful life events was linked to adolescent NSSI in part because of adolescent depression, and resilience was a protective factor that buffered this effect. These findings can inspire practitioners to pay attention to the interaction of risk factors and protective factors when providing prevention and intervention for adolescent NSSI.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: 3X5PN\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 0\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 53\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      AGNEW R, 1992, CRIMINOLOGY, V30, P47, DOI 10.1111/j.1745-9125.1992.tb01093.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Baetens I, 2021, J ADOLESCENCE, V90, P100, DOI 10.1016/j.adolescence.2021.06.005\par }
{\f1\fs22      Chapman AL, 2006, BEHAV RES THER, V44, P371, DOI 10.1016/j.brat.2005.03.005\par }
{\f1\fs22      Chen X, 2021, TRANSL PSYCHIAT, V11, DOI 10.1038/s41398-021-01271-4\par }
{\f1\fs22      Chen Z., 2021, PSYCHOL DEV ED, V37, P429, DOI [10.16187/j.cnki.issn1001-4918.2021.03.14, DOI 10.16187/J.CNKI.ISSN1001-4918.2021.03.14]\par }
{\f1\fs22      [\u38472?\u31049?\u22925? CHEN Zhi-yan], 2009, [\u20013?\u22269?\u20020?\u24202?\u24515?\u29702?\u23398?\u26434?\u24535?, Chinese Journal of Clinical Psychology], V17, P443\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cipriano A, 2020, CLIN NEUROPSYCHIATR, V17, P330, DOI 10.36131/cnfioritieditore20200602\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cipriano A, 2020, J CHILD FAM STUD, V29, P3575, DOI 10.1007/s10826-020-01844-9\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cipriano A, 2017, FRONT PSYCHOL, V8, DOI 10.3389/fpsyg.2017.01946\par }
{\f1\fs22      Fergus S, 2005, ANNU REV PUBL HEALTH, V26, P399, DOI 10.1146/annurev.publhealth.26.021304.144357\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gao YM, 2020, STRESS HEALTH, V36, P522, DOI 10.1002/smi.2954\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gotlib I.H., 1992, PSYCHOL ASPECTS DEPR\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gratz KL, 2001, J PSYCHOPATHOL BEHAV, V23, P253, DOI 10.1023/A:1012779403943\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gu HL, 2020, CHILD ABUSE NEGLECT, V106, DOI 10.1016/j.chiabu.2020.104474\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hack J, 2018, INT J ENV RES PUB HE, V15, DOI 10.3390/ijerph15050890\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hepp J, 2020, CLIN PSYCHOL REV, V82, DOI 10.1016/j.cpr.2020.101888\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hou L., 2016, OPEN J SOC SCI, V4, P70, DOI [10.4236/jss.2016.46008, DOI 10.4236/JSS.2016.46008]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hoyle R. H., 2012, HDB STRUCTURAL EQUAT\par }
{\f1\fs22      [\u32993?\u26376?\u29748? HU YueQin], 2008, [\u24515?\u29702?\u23398?\u25253?, Acta Psychologica Sinica], V40, P902\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kiekens G, 2018, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V239, P171, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2018.06.033\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kiive E, 2017, EUR NEUROPSYCHOPHARM, V27, P816, DOI 10.1016/j.euroneuro.2017.02.003\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lan T, 2019, FRONT PSYCHIATRY, V10, DOI 10.3389/fpsyt.2019.00244\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lantos John D, 2022, Pediatrics, V149, DOI 10.1542/peds.2021-053486\par }
{\f1\fs22      Li DP, 2016, COMPUT HUM BEHAV, V63, P408, DOI 10.1016/j.chb.2016.05.070\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lin MP, 2020, INT J ENV RES PUB HE, V17, DOI 10.3390/ijerph17228547\par }
{\f1\fs22      Liu SH, 2020, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V266, P82, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2020.01.083\par }
{\f1\fs22      Liu X., 1997, ADOLESCENT SELF RATI, V5, P34\par }
{\f1\fs22      Liu ZZ, 2021, SLEEP MED, V77, P29, DOI 10.1016/j.sleep.2020.11.015\par }
{\f1\fs22      Luthar S.S, 2006, DEV PSYCHOPATHOL, V3, P739, DOI [10.1002/9780470939406.ch20, DOI 10.1002/9780470939406.CH20]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Luthar SS, 2000, CHILD DEV, V71, P543, DOI 10.1111/1467-8624.00164\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mars B, 2019, LANCET PSYCHIAT, V6, P327, DOI 10.1016/S2215-0366(19)30030-6\par }
{\f1\fs22      Meng LL, 2022, FRONT PUBLIC HEALTH, V10, DOI 10.3389/fpubh.2022.768400\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nock MK, 2010, ANNU REV CLIN PSYCHO, V6, P339, DOI 10.1146/annurev.clinpsy.121208.131258\par }
{\f1\fs22      Prinstein MJ, 2010, J ABNORM CHILD PSYCH, V38, P669, DOI 10.1007/s10802-010-9423-0\par }
{\f1\fs22      RADLOFF L S, 1977, Applied Psychological Measurement, V1, P385, DOI 10.1177/014662167700100306\par }
{\f1\fs22      Rahman F, 2021, CLIN PSYCHOL REV, V88, DOI 10.1016/j.cpr.2021.102048\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ren YX, 2018, J CLIN PSYCHOL, V74, P1246, DOI 10.1002/jclp.22587\par }
{\f1\fs22      Salami S. O., 2010, ASIAN SOCIAL SCI, V6, P101, DOI [DOI 10.5539/ASS.V6N12P101, DOI 10.HTTP://DX.D0I.0RG/10.5539/ASS.V6N12P101]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Steinhoff A, 2020, FRONT PSYCHIATRY, V11, DOI 10.3389/fpsyt.2020.487200\par }
{\f1\fs22      Swannell SV, 2014, SUICIDE LIFE-THREAT, V44, P273, DOI 10.1111/sltb.12070\par }
{\f1\fs22      Tang WC, 2021, CURR PSYCHOL, DOI 10.1007/s12144-021-01931-0\par }
{\f1\fs22      Turner BJ, 2022, CAN J PSYCHIAT, V67, P403, DOI 10.1177/07067437211036612\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wang QQ, 2020, CHILD YOUTH SERV REV, V117, DOI 10.1016/j.childyouth.2020.105320\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wang Y., 2016, PSYCHOL DEV ED, V32, P377, DOI [10.16187/j.cnki.issn1001-4918.2016.03.1, DOI 10.16187/J.CNKI.ISSN1001-4918.2016.03.1]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wu NN, 2021, J YOUTH ADOLESCENCE, V50, P753, DOI 10.1007/s10964-020-01380-1\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wu NN, 2019, J YOUTH ADOLESCENCE, V48, P1806, DOI 10.1007/s10964-019-01093-0\par }
{\f1\fs22      Xin MY, 2020, AM J MENS HEALTH, V14, DOI 10.1177/1557988320937124\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ye Z, 2016, FRONT PSYCHOL, V7, DOI 10.3389/fpsyg.2016.01542\par }
{\f1\fs22      You JN, 2012, J ADOLESCENCE, V35, P389, DOI 10.1016/j.adolescence.2011.07.020\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zhang W., 2021, CHINESE J YOUTH SOC, V40, P88, DOI [10.16034/j.cnki.10-1318/c.2021.05.014, DOI 10.16034/J.CNKI.10-1318/C.2021.05.014]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zhang YY, 2021, FRONT PUBLIC HEALTH, V9, DOI 10.3389/fpubh.2021.697642\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zhao S, 2021, CURR PSYCHOL, DOI 10.1007/s12144-021-02166-9\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zhu JJ, 2021, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V285, P144, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2021.01.004\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wei, Chang Li, Zhiyong Ma, Tao Jiang, Xiaxia Yu, Chengfu Xu, Qian\par }
{\f1\fs22 0\par }
{\f1\fs22 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 Frontiers media sa\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lausanne\par }
{\f1\fs22 2296-2565\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000843092700001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3132489391/fpubh-10-944726.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Wei, Chang; Jiang, Xiaxia; Xu, Qian] Hubei Univ Sci & Technol, Sch Educ, Res Ctr Rural Educ & Cultural Dev Key Res Base Hum, Xianning, Peoples R China. [Wei, Chang; Ma, Tao] South China Normal Univ, Sch Psychol, Guangzhou, Peoples R China. [Li, Zhiyong] Hubei Normal Univ, Coll Educ Sci, Huangshi, Peoples R China. [Jiang, Xiaxia] Cent China Normal Univ, Sch Psychol, Wuhan, Peoples R China. [Yu, Chengfu] Guangzhou Univ, Sch Educ, Guangzhou, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jiang, XX; Xu, Q (corresponding author), Hubei Univ Sci & Technol, Sch Educ, Res Ctr Rural Educ & Cultural Dev Key Res Base Hum, Xianning, Peoples R China.; Jiang, XX (corresponding author), Cent China Normal Univ, Sch Psychol, Wuhan, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 269666419@qq.com; 380718865@qq.com\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Wisco, Blair E.\line %A Marx, Brian P.\line %A May, Casey L.\line %A Martini, Brenda\line %A Krystal, John H.\line %A Southwick, Steven M.\line %A Pietrzak, Robert H.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Moral injury in US Combat veterans: Results from the national health and resilience in veterans study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Depression and Anxiety\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 34\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 4\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 340-347\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Moral injury in US Combat veterans: Results from the national health and resilience in veterans study\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1091-4269\par }
{\f1\fs22 1520-6394\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1002/da.22614\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2017-14489-001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K guilt\par }
{\f1\fs22 mental health\par }
{\f1\fs22 self\u8208?injurious behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 shame\par }
{\f1\fs22 veterans health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Veterans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Morality\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Moral Injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 Injuries\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background: Combat exposure is associated with increased risk of mental disorders and suicidality. Moral injury, or persistent effects of perpetrating or witnessing acts that violate one's moral code, may contribute to mental health problems following military service. The pervasiveness of potentially morally injurious events (PMIEs) among U.S. combat veterans, and what factors are associated with PMIEs in this population remains unknown. Methods: Data were analyzed from the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study (NHRVS), a contemporary and nationally representative survey of a population\u8208?based sample of U.S. veterans, including 564 combat veterans, collected September\u8211?October 2013. Types of PMIEs (transgressions by self, transgressions by others, and betrayal) were assessed using the Moral Injury Events Scale. Psychiatric and functional outcomes were assessed using established measures. Results: A total of 10.8% of combat veterans acknowledged transgressions by self, 25.5% endorsed transgressions by others, and 25.5% endorsed betrayal. PMIEs were moderately positively associated with combat severity (\u946? = .23, P < .001) and negatively associated with white race, college education, and higher income (\u946?s = .11\u8211?.16, Ps < .05). Transgressions by self were associated with current mental disorders (OR = 1.65, P < .001) and suicidal ideation (OR = 1.67, P < .001); betrayal was associated with postdeployment suicide attempts (OR = 1.99, P < .05), even after conservative adjustment for covariates, including combat severity. Conclusions: A significant minority of U.S combat veterans report PMIEs related to their military service. PMIEs are associated with risk for mental disorders and suicidality, even after adjustment for sociodemographic variables, trauma and combat exposure histories, and past psychiatric disorders. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z Department of Psychology, University of North Carolina at Greensboro, Greensboro, NC, US. Release Date: 20170403. Correction Date: 20190211. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Health; Military Veterans; Morality; Resilience (Psychological); Moral Injury. Minor Descriptor: Injuries. Classification: Military Psychology (3800). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: US. Age Group: Adulthood (18 yrs & older) (300). Tests & Measures: PTSD-Checklist-5; Suicide Attempts Measure; Moral Injury Events Scale [Appended] DOI: 10.1037/t33652-000; Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview DOI: 10.1037/t18597-000; Combat Exposure Scale; Patient Health Questionnaire-4 DOI: 10.1037/t06168-000; Patient Health Questionnaire-9 DOI: 10.1037/t06165-000; Trauma History Screen DOI: 10.1037/t03738-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. References Available: Y. Page Count: 8. Issue Publication Date: Apr, 2017. Publication History: Accepted Date: Feb 17, 2017; Revised Date: Jan 31, 2017; First Submitted Date: Sep 13, 2016.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2017-14489-001&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 bewisco@uncg.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Wisco, Blair E., Department of Psychology, University of North Carolina at Greensboro, PO Box 26170, Greensboro, NC, US, 27402\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Xiao, Y.\line %A He, L.\line %A Chen, Y.\line %A Wang, Y.\line %A Chang, W.\line %A Yu, Z.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Depression and deliberate self-harm among Chinese left-behind adolescents: A dual role of resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Asian J Psychiatr\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 48\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 101883\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20191123\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Depression and deliberate self-harm among Chinese left-behind adolescents: A dual role of resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1876-2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.ajp.2019.101883\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 Declaration of Competing Interest None.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 31786362\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adolescent Behavior/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child\par }
{\f1\fs22 Child Behavior/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 China/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depressive Disorder/epidemiology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Parent-Child Relations\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rural Population/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior/epidemiology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Deliberate self-harm (DSH)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Left-behind children\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mediation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Moderation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Existing literature supports the association between depression and deliberate self-harm (DSH), a prominent risk factor of suicide. Our major aim was to evaluate the possible moderation and mediation of resilience in depression-DSH association, an issue which has never been extensively discussed among Chinese left-behind children (LBC). We implemented a population-based cross-sectional study of 2,619 LBC aged from 10 to 17. Multivariate logistic regression model which incorporated the cross-product term of resilience and depression was used to determine the moderation effect of resilience in depression-DSH association, whereas the mediating role of resilience was measured by path analysis. We found that depression was positively associated with DSH whereas resilience was negatively associated with DSH. Resilience in general was a prominent effect moderator in depression-DSH association, meanwhile, resilience also played as a significant mediator in this association, accounted for 26.8 % of the total effect. Our findings indicated that resilience was important moderator and mediator in the association between depression and DSH among Chinese LBC. Building up resilience of LBC may be an ideal choice in preventing depression related DSH.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1876-2026\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, Yuanyuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 He, Liping\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chen, Ying\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wang, Yeying\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chang, Wei\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yu, Zhen\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Netherlands\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/12/02\par }
{\f1\fs22 Asian J Psychiatr. 2020 Feb;48:101883. doi: 10.1016/j.ajp.2019.101883. Epub 2019 Nov 23.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1137949953/1-s2.0-S1876201819309840-main.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, Yunnan, China; Department of Chronic Disease Epidemiology, Yale School of Public Health, New Haven, CT, USA. Electronic address: 33225647@qq.com.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, Yunnan, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Xiao, Yuanyuan\line %A He, Liping\line %A Chen, Ying\line %A Wang, Yeying\line %A Chang, Wei\line %A Yu, Zhen\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Depression and deliberate self-harm among Chinese left-behind adolescents: A dual role of resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Asian Journal of Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 48\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Depression and deliberate self-harm among Chinese left-behind adolescents: A dual role of resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1876-2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 1876-2026\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.ajp.2019.101883\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 2020-24058-001\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Deliberate self-harm (DSH)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Moderation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mediation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Left-behind children\par }
{\f1\fs22 China\par }
{\f1\fs22 Major Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience (Psychological)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-Injurious Behavior\par }
{\f1\fs22 Human Migration\par }
{\f1\fs22 Offspring\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Test Construction\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Existing literature supports the association between depression and deliberate self-harm (DSH), a prominent risk factor of suicide. Our major aim was to evaluate the possible moderation and mediation of resilience in depression-DSH association, an issue which has never been extensively discussed among Chinese left-behind children (LBC). We implemented a population-based cross-sectional study of 2,619 LBC aged from 10 to 17. Multivariate logistic regression model which incorporated the cross-product term of resilience and depression was used to determine the moderation effect of resilience in depression-DSH association, whereas the mediating role of resilience was measured by path analysis. We found that depression was positively associated with DSH whereas resilience was negatively associated with DSH. Resilience in general was a prominent effect moderator in depression-DSH association, meanwhile, resilience also played as a significant mediator in this association, accounted for 26.8 % of the total effect. Our findings indicated that resilience was important moderator and mediator in the association between depression and DSH among Chinese LBC. Building up resilience of LBC may be an ideal choice in preventing depression related DSH. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, China. Release Date: 20200427. Publication Type: Journal (0100), Peer Reviewed Journal (0110). Format Covered: Electronic. Document Type: Journal Article. Language: EnglishMajor Descriptor: Major Depression; Resilience (Psychological); Risk Factors; Self-Injurious Behavior. Minor Descriptor: Human Migration; Offspring; Suicide; Test Construction. Classification: Affective Disorders (3211). Population: Human (10); Male (30); Female (40). Location: China. Age Group: Childhood (birth-12 yrs) (100); School Age (6-12 yrs) (180); Adolescence (13-17 yrs) (200). Tests & Measures: Modified Version of Adolescents Self-Harm Scale; Children's Depression Inventory--Chinese Version DOI: 10.1037/t60504-000; Resilience Scale for Chinese Adolescents DOI: 10.1037/t68543-000. Methodology: Empirical Study; Quantitative Study. Supplemental Data: Appendixes Internet; Tables and Figures Internet. ArtID: 101883. Issue Publication Date: Feb, 2020. Publication History: Accepted Date: Nov 22, 2019; Revised Date: Nov 15, 2019; First Submitted Date: Sep 26, 2019. Copyright Statement: Elsevier B.V. 2019.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: Kunming Medical University Union Foundation. Grant: 2018FE001(132). Other Details: Yunnan Applied Basic Research Projects. Recipients: No recipient indicated\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: National Natural Science Foundation of China, China. Grant: 81703324. Recipients: No recipient indicated\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sponsor: China Scholarship Council, China. Grant: 201808535098. Recipients: No recipient indicated\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://login.ezproxy.leidenuniv.nl:2443/login?URL=https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=psyh&AN=2020-24058-001&site=ehost-live\par }
{\f1\fs22 33225647@qq.com\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Xiao, Yuanyuan, Division of Epidemiology and Health Statistics, School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, China, 650500\par }
{\f1\fs22 %~ psyh\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W EBSCOhost\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Xiao, Y.\line %A Liu, F.\line %A Ran, H.\line %A Deng, W.\line %A Che, Y.\line %A Fang, D.\line %A Donald, A. R.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience mediates the association between self-harm and suicidal ideation in Chinese left-behind children\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B BMC Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 21\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 2055\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20211109\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Nov 9\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience mediates the association between self-harm and suicidal ideation in Chinese left-behind children\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1471-2458\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1186/s12889-021-12153-1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 The authors declare that they have no competing interests.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC8579643\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 34753469\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Child\par }
{\f1\fs22 China/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Self-Injurious Behavior/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Left-behind children\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mediation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: A significant association between self-harm (SH) and suicide ideation (SI) has been found in Chinese left-behind children (LBC). Existing literature suggests that resilience might be a mediator in this association. However, this hypothesis has not been effectively discussed. The major aim of our study is to analyze the possible mediation of resilience in SH-SI association in Chinese LBC. METHODS: A population-based clustering sampling survey of 2619 LBC was conducted in southwestern China Yunnan province. Self-developed structured questionnaire was used to collect relevant information. Univariate and multivariate Logistic regression models were applied to estimate the associations between SH and SI, resilience and SI, and SH and resilience. Path analysis was adopted to measure the mediation of resilience, as well as its 5 dimensions, in the association between SH and SI. A subgroup analysis was further done to explore the mediation of resilience in the associations between SH severity and SI, SH repetition and SI, among self-harmed LBC. RESULTS: Compared with LBC who reported no SH behaviors, the odds ratio (OR) for SI was 3.37 (95% CI: 2.63-4.31) among self-harmed LBC. Based on the path model, resilience significantly mediated a quarter of the total association between SH and SI. Among the 5 dimensions of resilience, emotion regulation, interpersonal assistance, and family support were the strongest mediators. Subgroup analysis revealed that, the mediation of resilience was only significant for SH severity and SI. CONCLUSIONS: Resilience played as a prominent mediator in SH-SI association among Chinese LBC. Resilience-centered intervention measures could be considered to reduce suicidal risk of this disadvantageous group.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1471-2458\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, Yuanyuan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Liu, Fang\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ran, Hailiang\par }
{\f1\fs22 Deng, Wenhang\par }
{\f1\fs22 Che, Yusan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fang, Die\par }
{\f1\fs22 Donald, Ahouanse Roland\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/11/11\par }
{\f1\fs22 BMC Public Health. 2021 Nov 9;21(1):2055. doi: 10.1186/s12889-021-12153-1.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Epidemiology and Health Statistics, School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, 650500, Yunnan, China. 33225647@qq.com.\par }
{\f1\fs22 The First Affiliated Hospital, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, Yunnan, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Epidemiology and Health Statistics, School of Public Health, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, 650500, Yunnan, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Xiao, Y. Y.\line %A He, L. P.\line %A Chen, Y.\line %A Wang, Y. Y.\line %A Chang, W.\line %A Yu, Z.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Depression and deliberate self-harm among Chinese left-behind adolescents: A dual role of resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Asian Journal of Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 48\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 6\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Depression and deliberate self-harm among Chinese left-behind adolescents: A dual role of resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O Asian J. Psychiatr.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1876-2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.ajp.2019.101883\par }
{\f1\fs22 %] 101883\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000528851200017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Deliberate self-harm (DSH)\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Moderation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mediation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Left-behind children\par }
{\f1\fs22 emotion-regulation\par }
{\f1\fs22 childrens depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 social\par }
{\f1\fs22 support\par }
{\f1\fs22 risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 prevention\par }
{\f1\fs22 inventory\par }
{\f1\fs22 anxiety\par }
{\f1\fs22 injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 health\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Existing literature supports the association between depression and deliberate self-harm (DSH), a prominent risk factor of suicide. Our major aim was to evaluate the possible moderation and mediation of resilience in depression-DSH association, an issue which has never been extensively discussed among Chinese left-behind children (LBC). We implemented a population-based cross-sectional study of 2,619 LBC aged from 10 to 17. Multivariate logistic regression model which incorporated the cross-product term of resilience and depression was used to determine the moderation effect of resilience in depression-DSH association, whereas the mediating role of resilience was measured by path analysis. We found that depression was positively associated with DSH whereas resilience was negatively associated with DSH. Resilience in general was a prominent effect moderator in depression-DSH association, meanwhile, resilience also played as a significant mediator in this association, accounted for 26.8 % of the total effect. Our findings indicated that resilience was important moderator and mediator in the association between depression and DSH among Chinese LBC. Building up resilience of LBC may be an ideal choice in preventing depression related DSH.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: LH5UX\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 10\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 40\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      Adrian M, 2011, J ABNORM CHILD PSYCH, V39, P389, DOI 10.1007/s10802-010-9465-3\par }
{\f1\fs22      [Anonymous], 2013, J S CENTRAL U NATION\par }
{\f1\fs22      [Anonymous], 2006, POPUL J\par }
{\f1\fs22      [Anonymous], [No title captured]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bang YR, 2015, PSYCHIAT INVEST, V12, P23, DOI 10.4306/pi.2015.12.1.23\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cohen J., 2003, APPL MULTIPLE REGRES\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cooper J, 2005, AM J PSYCHIAT, V162, P297, DOI 10.1176/appi.ajp.162.2.297\par }
{\f1\fs22      Dohrenwend BP, 2000, J HEALTH SOC BEHAV, V41, P1, DOI 10.2307/2676357\par }
{\f1\fs22      Dubicka B, 2017, CHILD ADOL MENT H-UK, V22, P59, DOI 10.1111/camh.12223\par }
{\f1\fs22      Feng Y., 2008, THESIS\par }
{\f1\fs22      Fergus S, 2005, ANNU REV PUBL HEALTH, V26, P399, DOI 10.1146/annurev.publhealth.26.021304.144357\par }
{\f1\fs22      FOX NA, 1994, MONOGR SOC RES CHILD, V59, pR5\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hawton K, 2003, J CHILD PSYCHOL PSYC, V44, P1191, DOI 10.1111/1469-7610.00200\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hawton K, 2012, LANCET, V379, P2373, DOI 10.1016/S0140-6736(12)60322-5\par }
{\f1\fs22      He BY, 2012, PSYCHIAT RES, V200, P306, DOI 10.1016/j.psychres.2012.04.001\par }
{\f1\fs22      [\u32993?\u26376?\u29748? HU YueQin], 2008, [\u24515?\u29702?\u23398?\u25253?, Acta Psychologica Sinica], V40, P902\par }
{\f1\fs22      Huang LH, 2015, PSYCHOL RES BEHAV MA, V8, P231, DOI 10.2147/PRBM.S75382\par }
{\f1\fs22      Jenkins AL, 2012, ARCH SUICIDE RES, V16, P212, DOI 10.1080/13811118.2012.695270\par }
{\f1\fs22      Jones RB, 2018, PATIENT EDUC COUNS, V101, P804, DOI 10.1016/j.pec.2017.10.015\par }
{\f1\fs22      Joormann J, 2016, BEHAV RES THER, V86, P35, DOI 10.1016/j.brat.2016.07.007\par }
{\f1\fs22      KOVACS M, 1985, PSYCHOPHARMACOL BULL, V21, P995\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lloyd-Richardson EE, 2007, PSYCHOL MED, V37, P1183, DOI 10.1017/S003329170700027X\par }
{\f1\fs22      Martinsen KD, 2016, COGN BEHAV PRACT, V23, P1\par }
{\f1\fs22      Miller AB, 2015, J ADOLESCENT HEALTH, V56, P286, DOI 10.1016/j.jadohealth.2014.10.265\par }
{\f1\fs22      Min JA, 2015, COMPR PSYCHIAT, V56, P103, DOI 10.1016/j.comppsych.2014.07.022\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mishara BL, 1999, SUICIDE LIFE-THREAT, V29, P105\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mizuta A, 2017, SOC PSYCH PSYCH EPID, V52, P211, DOI 10.1007/s00127-016-1320-6\par }
{\f1\fs22      Morgan D, 2003, PSYCHOTHER RES, V13, P123, DOI [10.1093/ptr/kpg004, 10.1080/713869628]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Plener PL, 2009, PSYCHOL MED, V39, P1549, DOI 10.1017/S0033291708005114\par }
{\f1\fs22      RUTTER M, 1987, AM J ORTHOPSYCHIAT, V57, P316, DOI 10.1111/j.1939-0025.1987.tb03541.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Siegmann P, 2018, CLIN PSYCHOL PSYCHOT, V25, pE1, DOI 10.1002/cpp.2118\par }
{\f1\fs22      Smyth JM, 2009, CURR OPIN PSYCHIATR, V22, P205, DOI 10.1097/YCO.0b013e3283252d6d\par }
{\f1\fs22      Stice E, 2011, BEHAV RES THER, V49, P361, DOI 10.1016/j.brat.2011.02.009\par }
{\f1\fs22      Tang WJ, 2018, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V241, P133, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2018.08.017\par }
{\f1\fs22      Thoits PA, 2011, J HEALTH SOC BEHAV, V52, P145, DOI 10.1177/0022146510395592\par }
{\f1\fs22      Trujillo NP, 2018, J CHILD FAM STUD, V27, P1449, DOI 10.1007/s10826-017-0976-1\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wang JL, 2015, PSYCHOL REP, V117, P354, DOI 10.2466/16.17.PR0.117c21z8\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wu CY, 2013, BMC PSYCHIATRY, V13, DOI 10.1186/1471-244X-13-101\par }
{\f1\fs22      You J., 2018, NEUROPSYCHIATRY-LOND, V08, P733, DOI [10.4172/neuropsychiatry.1000399, DOI 10.4172/NEUROPSYCHIATRY.1000399]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zheng Y, 2006, THESIS\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, Yuanyuan He, Liping Chen, Ying Wang, Yeying Chang, Wei Yu, Zhen\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yunnan Applied Basic Research Projects-Kunming Medical University Union Foundation [2018FE001(132)]; National Natural Science Foundation of China [81703324]; China Scholarship Council [201808535098]\par }
{\f1\fs22 The study is supported by Yunnan Applied Basic Research Projects-Kunming Medical University Union Foundation [No. 2018FE001(132)], National Natural Science Foundation of China [No. 81703324], China Scholarship Council [No. 201808535098].\par }
{\f1\fs22 10\par }
{\f1\fs22 8\par }
{\f1\fs22 23\par }
{\f1\fs22 Elsevier\par }
{\f1\fs22 Amsterdam\par }
{\f1\fs22 1876-2026\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000528851200017\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Xiao, Yuanyuan; He, Liping; Chen, Ying; Wang, Yeying; Chang, Wei; Yu, Zhen] Kunming Med Univ, Sch Publ Hlth, Kunming, Yunnan, Peoples R China. [Xiao, Yuanyuan] Yale Sch Publ Hlth, Dept Chron Dis Epidemiol, New Haven, CT USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, YY (corresponding author), Kunming Med Univ, Sch Publ Hlth, Div Epidemiol & Hlth Stat, Kunming 650500, Yunnan, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 33225647@qq.com\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Xiao, Y. Y.\line %A Liu, F.\line %A Ran, H. L.\line %A Deng, W. H.\line %A Che, Y. S.\line %A Fang, D.\line %A Donald, A. R.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience mediates the association between self-harm and suicidal ideation in Chinese left-behind children\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Bmc Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 21\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 8\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Nov\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience mediates the association between self-harm and suicidal ideation in Chinese left-behind children\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O BMC Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1186/s12889-021-12153-1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %] 2055\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000716445600008\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Self-harm\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mediation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Left-behind\par }
{\f1\fs22 children\par }
{\f1\fs22 follow-up\par }
{\f1\fs22 depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 intervention\par }
{\f1\fs22 adolescents\par }
{\f1\fs22 risk\par }
{\f1\fs22 support\par }
{\f1\fs22 family\par }
{\f1\fs22 Public, Environmental & Occupational Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background A significant association between self-harm (SH) and suicide ideation (SI) has been found in Chinese left-behind children (LBC). Existing literature suggests that resilience might be a mediator in this association. However, this hypothesis has not been effectively discussed. The major aim of our study is to analyze the possible mediation of resilience in SH-SI association in Chinese LBC. Methods A population-based clustering sampling survey of 2619 LBC was conducted in southwestern China Yunnan province. Self-developed structured questionnaire was used to collect relevant information. Univariate and multivariate Logistic regression models were applied to estimate the associations between SH and SI, resilience and SI, and SH and resilience. Path analysis was adopted to measure the mediation of resilience, as well as its 5 dimensions, in the association between SH and SI. A subgroup analysis was further done to explore the mediation of resilience in the associations between SH severity and SI, SH repetition and SI, among self-harmed LBC. Results Compared with LBC who reported no SH behaviors, the odds ratio (OR) for SI was 3.37 (95% CI: 2.63-4.31) among self-harmed LBC. Based on the path model, resilience significantly mediated a quarter of the total association between SH and SI. Among the 5 dimensions of resilience, emotion regulation, interpersonal assistance, and family support were the strongest mediators. Subgroup analysis revealed that, the mediation of resilience was only significant for SH severity and SI. Conclusions Resilience played as a prominent mediator in SH-SI association among Chinese LBC. Resilience-centered intervention measures could be considered to reduce suicidal risk of this disadvantageous group.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: WU3JV\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 0\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 40\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      American Psychological Association, 2014, ROAD SOLITUDE\par }
{\f1\fs22      [Anonymous], 2013, J S CENTRAL U NATION\par }
{\f1\fs22      [Anonymous], 2013, CHINESE WOMENS MOVEM\par }
{\f1\fs22      Asarnow JR, 2002, COGNITIVE THER RES, V26, P221, DOI 10.1023/A:1014573803928\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bang YR, 2015, PSYCHIAT INVEST, V12, P23, DOI 10.4306/pi.2015.12.1.23\par }
{\f1\fs22      BECK AT, 1988, J CLIN PSYCHOL, V44, P499, DOI 10.1002/1097-4679(198807)44:4<499::AID-JCLP2270440404>3.0.CO;2-6\par }
{\f1\fs22      Bergen H, 2012, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V136, P526, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2011.10.036\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cheung VHM, 2019, ASIA-PAC PSYCHIAT, V11, DOI 10.1111/appy.12339\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cole P., 1994, MONOGRAPHS SOC RES C, V59, P2, DOI DOI 10.2307/1166139\par }
{\f1\fs22      Cooper J, 2005, AM J PSYCHIAT, V162, P297, DOI 10.1176/appi.ajp.162.2.297\par }
{\f1\fs22      Dong B, 2019, PSYCHOL HEALTH MED, V24, P1, DOI 10.1080/13548506.2018.1487986\par }
{\f1\fs22      Feng Y., 2008, THESIS\par }
{\f1\fs22      Fliege H, 2009, J PSYCHOSOM RES, V66, P477, DOI 10.1016/j.jpsychores.2008.10.013\par }
{\f1\fs22      He BY, 2012, PSYCHIAT RES, V200, P306, DOI 10.1016/j.psychres.2012.04.001\par }
{\f1\fs22      [\u32993?\u26376?\u29748? HU YueQin], 2008, [\u24515?\u29702?\u23398?\u25253?, Acta Psychologica Sinica], V40, P902\par }
{\f1\fs22      Katz LY, 2004, J AM ACAD CHILD PSY, V43, P276, DOI 10.1097/00004583-200403000-00008\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kim SM, 2020, PSYCHIAT INVEST, V17, P147, DOI 10.30773/pi.2019.0072\par }
{\f1\fs22      Li XH, 2018, J EPIDEMIOL COMMUN H, V72, P369, DOI 10.1136/jech-2017-209458\par }
{\f1\fs22      Li YT, 2019, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V251, P274, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2018.12.051\par }
{\f1\fs22      LOCHMAN JE, 1993, J CONSULT CLIN PSYCH, V61, P1053, DOI 10.1037/0022-006X.61.6.1053\par }
{\f1\fs22      Luo JY, 2008, PUBLIC HEALTH REP, V123, P382\par }
{\f1\fs22      Matlin SL, 2011, AM J ORTHOPSYCHIAT, V81, P108, DOI 10.1111/j.1939-0025.2010.01078.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mikolajczak M, 2009, BRIT J CLIN PSYCHOL, V48, P181, DOI 10.1348/014466508X386027\par }
{\f1\fs22      Miller AB, 2015, J ADOLESCENT HEALTH, V56, P286, DOI 10.1016/j.jadohealth.2014.10.265\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mishara BL, 1999, SUICIDE LIFE-THREAT, V29, P105\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ong E, 2019, PSYCHOL REP, V122, P1192, DOI 10.1177/0033294118781855\par }
{\f1\fs22      Portzky G, 2008, EUR CHILD ADOLES PSY, V17, P179, DOI 10.1007/s00787-007-0652-x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Sourander A, 2006, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V93, P87, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2006.02.015\par }
{\f1\fs22      Sveticic J, 2012, MENT ILLN, V4, P73, DOI 10.4081/mi.2012.e15\par }
{\f1\fs22      The State Council, 2016, OP STRENGTH CAR PROT\par }
{\f1\fs22      Tian X, 2019, BMC PUBLIC HEALTH, V19, DOI 10.1186/s12889-019-8075-4\par }
{\f1\fs22      UNICEF, 2019, UNICEF CHINA 2018 AN\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wyman PA, 2010, J ABNORM CHILD PSYCH, V38, P707, DOI 10.1007/s10802-010-9398-x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Xiao YY, 2020, ANN EPIDEMIOL, V42, P42, DOI 10.1016/j.annepidem.2019.12.014\par }
{\f1\fs22      Xiao YY, 2020, ASIAN J PSYCHIATR, V48, DOI 10.1016/j.ajp.2019.101883\par }
{\f1\fs22      Xiao YY, 2020, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V261, P198, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2019.09.081\par }
{\f1\fs22      Xiaolian Jiang, 2002, Nurs Health Sci, V4, P41, DOI 10.1046/j.1442-2018.2002.00100.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      [\u24464?\u24535?\u20255? Xu Zhiwei], 2010, [\u20013?\u22269?\u20844?\u20849?\u21355?\u29983?, China Public Health], V26, P868\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zahl DL, 2004, BRIT J PSYCHIAT, V185, P70, DOI 10.1192/bjp.185.1.70\par }
{\f1\fs22      Zhang N, 2015, BMC PUBLIC HEALTH, V15, DOI 10.1186/s12889-015-2296-y\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, Yuanyuan Liu, Fang Ran, Hailiang Deng, Wenhang Che, Yusan Fang, Die Donald, Ahouanse Roland\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ran, Hailiang/0000-0001-7290-3880\par }
{\f1\fs22 National Natural Science Fundation of China [82060601]; Top Young Talents of Yunnan Ten Thousand Talents Plan [YNWR-QNBJ-2018-286]; Innovative Research Team of Yunnan Province [202005AE160002]\par }
{\f1\fs22 The study was funded by National Natural Science Fundation of China (No. 82060601) (YX), Top Young Talents of Yunnan Ten Thousand Talents Plan (No. YNWR-QNBJ-2018-286) (YX), Innovative Research Team of Yunnan Province (No. 202005AE160002).\par }
{\f1\fs22 0\par }
{\f1\fs22 6\par }
{\f1\fs22 13\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bmc\par }
{\f1\fs22 London\par }
{\f1\fs22 1471-2458\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000716445600008\par }
{\f1\fs22 https://bmcpublichealth.biomedcentral.com/track/pdf/10.1186/s12889-021-12153-1.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1993605661/Xiao-2021-Resilience mediates the association.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Xiao, Yuanyuan; Ran, Hailiang; Deng, Wenhang; Che, Yusan; Fang, Die; Donald, Ahouanse Roland] Kunming Med Univ, Sch Publ Hlth, Dept Epidemiol & Hlth Stat, Kunming 650500, Yunnan, Peoples R China. [Liu, Fang] Kunming Med Univ, Affiliated Hosp 1, Kunming 650500, Yunnan, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Xiao, YY (corresponding author), Kunming Med Univ, Sch Publ Hlth, Dept Epidemiol & Hlth Stat, Kunming 650500, Yunnan, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 33225647@qq.com\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Youssef, N. A.\line %A Green, K. T.\line %A Beckham, J. C.\line %A Elbogen, E. B.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2013\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T A 3-year longitudinal study examining the effect of resilience on suicidality in veterans\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Ann Clin Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 25\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 59-66\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! A 3-year longitudinal study examining the effect of resilience on suicidality in veterans\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1040-1237 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1040-1237\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC3622865\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS451265\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 23376871\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adaptation, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Afghan Campaign 2001-\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Combat Disorders/complications/epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Demography\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Iraq War, 2003-2011\par }
{\f1\fs22 Longitudinal Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychiatric Status Rating Scales\par }
{\f1\fs22 Psychological Techniques\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 Socioeconomic Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/complications/epidemiology/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide, Attempted/prevention & control/psychology/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Treatment Outcome\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Veterans/psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: This study prospectively evaluated the correlation and role of resilience and resilience factors in predicting suicidal ideation and attempts in veterans. METHODS: In this 3-year longitudinal study, 178 Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans were evaluated for a number of clinical and demographic variables. Longitudinal follow-up was performed at approximately 3 years. RESULTS: Resilience at the initial assessment predicted lower suicidality at follow-up, controlling for suicidality at the initial assessment, suggesting a protective effect for resilience. With respect to specific domains of resilience, secure relationships and positive acceptance of change significantly predicted lower suicidality. CONCLUSIONS: These findings have important implications for clinical care and for guiding future research efforts to increase resilience among returning soldiers.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1547-3325\par }
{\f1\fs22 Youssef, Nagy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Green, Kimberly T\par }
{\f1\fs22 Beckham, Jean C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Elbogen, Eric B\par }
{\f1\fs22 R01 MH080988/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 R01MH080988/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2013/02/05\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ann Clin Psychiatry. 2013 Feb;25(1):59-66.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3622865/pdf/nihms451265.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2452187210/Youssef-2013-A 3-year longitudinal study exami.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Duke University Medical Center, Mid-Atlantic Mental Illness Research, Education, Durham, NC, USA. nagy.youssef@duke.edu\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Yu, J.\line %A Goldstein, R. B.\line %A Haynie, D. L.\line %A Luk, J. W.\line %A Fairman, B. J.\line %A Patel, R. A.\line %A Vidal-Ribas, P.\line %A Maultsby, K.\line %A Gudal, M.\line %A Gilman, S. E.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Resilience Factors in the Association Between Depressive Symptoms and Suicidality\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Adolesc Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 69\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 280-287\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20210109\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Aug\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Resilience Factors in the Association Between Depressive Symptoms and Suicidality\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1054-139X (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 1054-139x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jadohealth.2020.12.004\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 There are no potential conflicts of interest associated with this article.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC8479833\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS1654330\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 33431248\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Protective Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Life satisfaction\par }
{\f1\fs22 Optimism\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience factor\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk factor\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide attempt\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide plan\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X PURPOSE: To investigate whether life satisfaction and optimism might reduce the risk of suicidal thoughts and behaviors among adolescents with depressive symptoms. METHODS: Participants were 1,904 youth from the NEXT Generation Health Study, a national sample of U.S. adolescents, followed over 7\u160?years from 2009/2010 to 2015/2016. Longitudinal latent profile analysis and logistic regressions were conducted. RESULTS: We identified three subgroups of adolescents with different patterns of depressive symptoms across the first six waves: "Low" (40%), "Mild" (42%), and "Moderate to Severe" (18%). The Moderate to Severe (OR\u160?= 14.47, 95% CI [6.61, 31.66]) and Mild (OR\u160?= 3.90, 95% CI [2.22, 6.86]) depression profiles had significantly higher odds of developing suicidality than the Low depression profile. Both life satisfaction and optimism moderated the association between depressive symptom profile and suicidality. The difference in suicidality risk between the Mild and Low depression profiles was significantly attenuated at high versus low levels of life satisfaction, with a difference of\u160?-.08, 95% CI [-.14,\u160?-.03]. In addition, the difference in suicidality risk between the Moderate to Severe and Low depression profiles was attenuated at high versus low levels of optimism, with a difference of\u160?-.11, 95% CI [-.21,\u160?-.01]. CONCLUSIONS: For adolescents transitioning to young adulthood, resilience factors such as life satisfaction and optimism may buffer against suicidality risk in the face of mild or moderate to severe depressive symptoms.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1879-1972\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yu, Jing\par }
{\f1\fs22 Goldstein, Ris\u235? B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Haynie, Denise L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Luk, Jeremy W\par }
{\f1\fs22 Fairman, Brian J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Patel, Reeya A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Vidal-Ribas, Pablo\par }
{\f1\fs22 Maultsby, Katherine\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gudal, Mahad\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gilman, Stephen E\par }
{\f1\fs22 HHSN275201200001C/HD/NICHD NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 HHSN275201200001I/HD/NICHD NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Z99 HD999999/ImNIH/Intramural NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Intramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/01/13\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Adolesc Health. 2021 Aug;69(2):280-287. doi: 10.1016/j.jadohealth.2020.12.004. Epub 2021 Jan 9.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8479833/pdf/nihms-1654330.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3179645372/Yu-2021-Resilience Factors in the Association.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Social and Behavioral Sciences Branch, Division of Intramural Population Health Research, Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Maryland. Electronic address: jing.yu2@nih.gov.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social and Behavioral Sciences Branch, Division of Intramural Population Health Research, Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Maryland.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social and Behavioral Sciences Branch, Division of Intramural Population Health Research, Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Maryland; Department of Mental Health, Bloomberg School of Public Health, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Zaheer, J.\line %A Eynan, R.\line %A Lam, J. S. H.\line %A Grundland, M.\line %A Links, P. S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2018\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T "We Went Out to Explore, But Gained Nothing But Illness": Immigration Expectations, Reality, Risk and Resilience in Chinese-Canadian Women with a History of Suicide-Related Behaviour\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Cult Med Psychiatry\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 42\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 504-534\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Sep\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! "We Went Out to Explore, But Gained Nothing But Illness": Immigration Expectations, Reality, Risk and Resilience in Chinese-Canadian Women with a History of Suicide-Related Behaviour\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-005x\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1007/s11013-018-9566-y\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 29383554\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K *Acculturation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Canada/ethnology\par }
{\f1\fs22 China/ethnology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Emigrants and Immigrants/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide/*ethnology/*psychology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Acculturation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Canadian\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chinese\par }
{\f1\fs22 Immigration\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Suicide is a complex and tragic outcome driven by biological, psychological, social and cultural factors. Women of Chinese descent and women who have immigrated to other countries have higher rates of suicidal ideation and behaviour, and immigration-related stress may contribute. To understand the experiences of immigration and their relationship with distress and suicide-related behaviour in Chinese women who have immigrated to Canada. 10 semi-structured qualitative interviews with Chinese women who have immigrated to Toronto, Canada and have a history of suicide-related behaviour were completed and analyzed using a constructivist grounded theory methodology. Immigration-related and acculturation stress stemmed from unmet expectations and harsh realities. These repeated experiences resulted in hopelessness, helplessness, and alienation, which are risk factors for suicide and suicide-related behaviour. However, immigration-related support can also increase hope, self-efficacy and connectedness to foster recovery and resilience. This is the first qualitative study focusing on immigration experiences and its relationship to suicide-related behaviour in Chinese immigrant women. Knowledge of immigration and acculturation stressors can a) help identify and support women at risk for suicide and b) form a target for social intervention for all immigrant women, regardless of suicide risk.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1573-076x\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zaheer, Juveria\par }
{\f1\fs22 Eynan, Rahel\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lam, June S H\par }
{\f1\fs22 Grundland, Michael\par }
{\f1\fs22 Links, Paul S\par }
{\f1\fs22 CCI-109616/Canadian Institutes of Health Research/Canada\par }
{\f1\fs22 CCI-109616/National Natural Science Foundation of China (CN)/\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Netherlands\par }
{\f1\fs22 2018/02/01\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cult Med Psychiatry. 2018 Sep;42(3):504-534. doi: 10.1007/s11013-018-9566-y.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11013-018-9566-y\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3560598764/s11013-018-9566-y.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Department of Psychiatry, Faculty of Medicine, University of Toronto, 33 Russell Street,T307, Toronto, ON, M5S 2S1, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Lawson Health Research Institute, London, ON, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Parkwood Institute Research Mental Health Care Building , Department of Psychiatry, Schulich School of Medicine & Dentistry, Western University, 550 Wellington Road, Room F5-362, London, ON, N6C 0A7, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Postgraduate Medical Education Office, Department of Psychiatry, Faculty of Medicine, University of Toronto, 250 College Street, Room 841, Toronto, ON, M5T 1R8, Canada. June.Lam@mail.utoronto.ca.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Postgraduate Medical Education Office, Department of Psychiatry, Faculty of Medicine, University of Toronto, 250 College Street, Room 841, Toronto, ON, M5T 1R8, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry and Behavioural Neurosciences, McMaster University, Psychotherapy Centre, 100 West 5th St, B215, Hamilton, ON, L8N 3K7, Canada.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Zhang, D.\line %A Tian, Y.\line %A Wang, R.\line %A Wang, L.\line %A Wang, P.\line %A Su, Y.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2022\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Effectiveness of a resilience-targeted intervention based on "I have, I am, I can" strategy on nursing home older adults' suicidal ideation: A randomized controlled trial\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Affect Disord\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 308\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 172-180\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20220416\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jul 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Effectiveness of a resilience-targeted intervention based on "I have, I am, I can" strategy on nursing home older adults' suicidal ideation: A randomized controlled trial\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0165-0327\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jad.2022.04.046\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 35439461\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Anxiety\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nursing Homes\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self Report\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nursing home\par }
{\f1\fs22 Older adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Randomized controlled trial\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience intervention\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Despite the potential for benefit, resilience remains an emergent area in late-life mental health care, and evidence of resilience intervention for suicide among nursing home residents is especially limited. This study aims to evaluate the effects of a resilience-targeted program based on the "I have, I am, and I can" strategy on suicidal ideation and related problems. METHODS: From the 562 nursing home residents who were contacted, 68 with suicidal ideation were recruited and then randomly assigned to a resilience intervention group (eight-week resilience training; n\u160?=\u160?34) or a wait-list control group (eight-week health education; n\u160?=\u160?34). Self-reported suicidal ideation, and depression and anxiety symptoms as outcomes, and resilience as potential mediators were assessed at baseline, postintervention, and one-month follow-up. RESULTS: Resilience training participants reported significant improvement in suicidal ideation (group \u215? time interaction x(2)=12.564, p\u160?=\u160?0.002) and depression symptoms (x(2)=9.441, p\u160?=\u160?0.009) compared to wait-list control group participants. Changes in resilience mediated the intervention's effects on changes in suicidal ideation and depression symptoms. Limitations The observed effects must be considered preliminary due to the small sample size. CONCLUSIONS: The findings support the benefits of resilience training based on the "I have, I am, and I can" strategy in reducing suicidal ideation and suicide-related symptoms in nursing home older adults, and provide insight into possible mechanisms.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1573-2517\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zhang, Dan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tian, Yinong\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wang, Rui\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wang, Lanzhong\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wang, Peng\par }
{\f1\fs22 Su, Yonggang\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Randomized Controlled Trial\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 Netherlands\par }
{\f1\fs22 2022/04/20\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Affect Disord. 2022 Jul 1;308:172-180. doi: 10.1016/j.jad.2022.04.046. Epub 2022 Apr 16.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Medical Psychology and Ethics, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Shandong University, Jinan 250012, Shandong, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Foreign Languages and Literature, Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Nursing and Rehabilitation, Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Qilu Hospital, Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong, China. Electronic address: xuwenzhu@sdu.edu.cn.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Medical Psychology and Ethics, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Shandong University, Jinan 250012, Shandong, China; School of Foreign Languages and Literature, Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong, China; Shandong Provincial Key Laboratory of Mental Disorders, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong, China. Electronic address: syg@sdu.edu.cn.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Zhang, D.\line %A Wang, R.\line %A Zhao, X.\line %A Zhang, J.\line %A Jia, J.\line %A Su, Y.\line %A Wang, K.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Role of resilience and social support in the relationship between loneliness and suicidal ideation among Chinese nursing home residents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Aging Ment Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 25\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 7\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 1262-1272\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20200630\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Jul\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Role of resilience and social support in the relationship between loneliness and suicidal ideation among Chinese nursing home residents\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 1360-7863\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1080/13607863.2020.1786798\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 32602736\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K China\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cross-Sectional Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Depression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Loneliness\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nursing Homes\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Social Support\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicidal ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 loneliness\par }
{\f1\fs22 nursing home\par }
{\f1\fs22 resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X OBJECTIVES: Loneliness is a risk factor of suicidal ideation, while resilience and social support are protective factors; however, the complex mechanisms behind these factors have not been examined among nursing home residents. This study evaluated the mediating effect of resilience on the association between loneliness and suicidal ideation and whether this mediating effect was moderated by social support. METHODS: Residents (N\u8201?=\u8201?538; Aged\u160?\u160?\u8805?\u160?60years;\u160? 321 female, 217 male) from 37 nursing homes in China completed this cross-sectional study. Their loneliness, resilience, social support, and suicidal ideation were measured. Regression analyses using bootstrapping methods were conducted to explore the mediating and moderating effects. RESULTS: Some residents (14.9%, 80/538) reported current suicidal ideation. The correlation between loneliness and suicidal ideation was partially mediated by resilience (indirect effect = 0.067, 95% CI = 0.011-0.122). Overall social support moderated the resilience on suicidal ideation, indirectly impacting loneliness on suicidal ideation (moderating effect = 0.086 [95% CI = 0.005-0.167]). Support from family and nursing home staff moderated the direct (path c') and indirect path (path b) of the mediation model, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings underscore the vital role of resilience and social support to buffer against suicidal ideation, which is common among nursing home residents in China.HighlightsWe evaluated suicidal ideation in mainland Chinese nursing home residentsLoneliness and suicidal ideation were partially mediated by resilienceSocial support moderated the effect of loneliness and resilience on suicidal ideationThe results were self-reported and are not generalizable to all of ChinaResilience and social support can buffer against suicidal ideation among residents.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1364-6915\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zhang, Dan\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wang, Rui\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zhao, Xia\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zhang, Jie\par }
{\f1\fs22 Jia, Jihui\par }
{\f1\fs22 Su, Yonggang\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wang, Kefang\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, Non-U.S. Gov't\par }
{\f1\fs22 England\par }
{\f1\fs22 2020/07/01\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aging Ment Health. 2021 Jul;25(7):1262-1272. doi: 10.1080/13607863.2020.1786798. Epub 2020 Jun 30.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ School of Nursing, Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Health Management, Heze Medical College, Heze, Shandong, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 China Department of Sociology, State University of New York Buffalo State, Buffalo, NY, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Public Health, Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Foreign Languages and Literature, Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Zhang, L.\line %A Chen, M.\line %A Yao, B.\line %A Zhang, Y.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Aggression and Non-Suicidal Self-Injury among Depressed Youths: The Mediating Effect of Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Iran J Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 50\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 288-296\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Aggression and Non-Suicidal Self-Injury among Depressed Youths: The Mediating Effect of Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 2251-6085 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 2251-6085\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.18502/ijph.v50i2.5342\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 Conflict of interest The authors declare that there is no conflict of interest.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC7956094\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 33747992\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Aggression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Non-suicidal self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 Youth\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: The global spread of COVID-19 not only exerted an enormous impact on the public in different countries but also aggravated depression among youths. The aggressive tendencies of depressed individuals can harm their body and life and threaten those of others. The aggressive and non-suicidal self-injurious behaviors of depressed youths may seriously affect their physical and psychological health if not identified and mediated promptly. METHOD: A total of 875 young respondents (including college students, community youths, migrant workers, and so on) from three provinces in China were surveyed in 2020 using a depression scale, non-suicidal self-injury scale, aggression scale, and resilience scale. RESULTS: Depression, non-suicidal self-injury, and aggression are significantly higher among the members of the depression group compared with the members of the healthy control group (P<0.001), and the resilience of the members of the former group is remarkably lower than that of the members of the latter group (P<0.001). Aggression among the depressed youths exhibits a significant positive correlation with non-suicidal self-injury (r= 0.43, P<0.01), whereas aggression (r= -0.18, P<0.05) and non-suicidal self-injury (r= -0.20, P<0.05) demonstrates significant negative correlations with resilience. The resilience of the youths in the depression group plays a partial mediating role in the relationship between aggression and non-suicidal self-injury. CONCLUSION: The more aggressive the behaviors of the depressed youths, the more serious their non-suicidal self-injurious symptoms. Furthermore, resilience plays a partial mediating role in the relationship between aggression and non-suicidal self-injury.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 2251-6093\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zhang, Ling\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chen, Meiai\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yao, Benxian\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zhang, Ying\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 2021/03/23\par }
{\f1\fs22 Iran J Public Health. 2021 Feb;50(2):288-296. doi: 10.18502/ijph.v50i2.5342.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Center for Mental Health, Shaoxing University, Shaoxing, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 School of Tourism and Health, Zhejiang A & F University, Hangzhou, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 College of Teacher Education, Hefei Normal University, Hefei, China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Zhang, L.\line %A Chen, M. A.\line %A Yao, B. X.\line %A Zhang, Y.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2021\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Aggression and Non-Suicidal Self-Injury among Depressed Youths: The Mediating Effect of Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B Iranian Journal of Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 50\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 288-296\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %9 Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Aggression and Non-Suicidal Self-Injury among Depressed Youths: The Mediating Effect of Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 %O Iran J. Public Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 2251-6085\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M WOS:000619785300008\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Youth\par }
{\f1\fs22 Aggression\par }
{\f1\fs22 Non-suicidal self-injury\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience\par }
{\f1\fs22 association\par }
{\f1\fs22 validity\par }
{\f1\fs22 path\par }
{\f1\fs22 Public, Environmental & Occupational Health\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X Background: The global spread of COVID-19 not only exerted an enormous impact on the public in different countries but also aggravated depression among youths. The aggressive tendencies of depressed individuals can harm their body and life and threaten those of others. The aggressive and non-suicidal self-injurious behaviors of depressed youths may seriously affect their physical and psychological health if not identified and mediated promptly. Method: A total of 875 young respondents (including college students, community youths, migrant workers, and so on) from three provinces in China were surveyed in 2020 using a depression scale, non-suicidal selfinjury scale, aggression scale, and resilience scale. Results: Depression, non-suicidal self-injury, and aggression are significantly higher among the members of the depression group compared with the members of the healthy control group (P<0.001), and the resilience of the members of the former group is remarkably lower than that of the members of the latter group (P<0.001). Aggression among the depressed youths exhibits a significant positive correlation with non-suicidal self-injury (r= 0.43, P<0.01), whereas aggression (r= -0.18, P<0.05) and non-suicidal self-injury (r= -0.20, P<0.05) demonstrates significant negative correlations with resilience. The resilience of the youths in the depression group plays a partial mediating role in the relationship between aggression and non-suicidal self-injury. Conclusion: The more aggressive the behaviors of the depressed youths, the more serious their non-suicidal self-injurious symptoms. Furthermore, resilience plays a partial mediating role in the relationship between aggression and non-suicidal self-injury.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z ISI Document Delivery No.: QJ6FW\par }
{\f1\fs22 Times Cited: 0\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited Reference Count: 30\par }
{\f1\fs22 Cited References: \par }
{\f1\fs22      Ambrus L, 2019, NORD J PSYCHIAT, V73, P229, DOI 10.1080/08039488.2019.1610056\par }
{\f1\fs22      Andreou E, 2020, PSYCHOL SCHOOLS, V57, P1193, DOI 10.1002/pits.22409\par }
{\f1\fs22      Brailovskaia J, 2020, CRISIS, V41, P383, DOI 10.1027/0227-5910/a000652\par }
{\f1\fs22      Clear SJ, 2020, J ADULT DEV, V27, P181, DOI 10.1007/s10804-019-09333-0\par }
{\f1\fs22      Djourova NP, 2020, J LEADERSH ORG STUD, V27, P256, DOI 10.1177/1548051819849002\par }
{\f1\fs22      Ducasse D, 2020, EUR ARCH PSY CLIN N, V270, P959, DOI 10.1007/s00406-019-00980-8\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gambaro E, 2020, BMC PSYCHIATRY, V20, DOI 10.1186/s12888-020-02729-3\par }
{\f1\fs22      Gamez-Guadix M, 2020, PSICOTHEMA, V32, P567, DOI 10.7334/psicothema2020.219\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hafeman DM, 2020, J AM ACAD CHILD PSY, V59, P1146, DOI 10.1016/j.jaac.2019.06.013\par }
{\f1\fs22      Hill SY, 2020, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V276, P954, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2020.07.049\par }
{\f1\fs22      Johnson SL, 2017, BRIT J CLIN PSYCHOL, V56, P235, DOI 10.1111/bjc.12135\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kremer KP, 2020, J CHILD FAM STUD, V29, P3239, DOI 10.1007/s10826-020-01822-1\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kroenke K, 2001, J GEN INTERN MED, V16, P606, DOI 10.1046/j.1525-1497.2001.016009606.x\par }
{\f1\fs22      Kwiatkowska B, 2019, PSYCHOL HEALTH MED, V24, P333, DOI 10.1080/13548506.2018.1529325\par }
{\f1\fs22      Lee SW, 2020, LANCET PSYCHIAT, V7, P1025, DOI 10.1016/S2215-0366(20)30421-1\par }
{\f1\fs22      [\u26446?\u29486?\u20113? Li Xianyun], 2011, [\u20013?\u22269?\u31070?\u32463?\u31934?\u31070?\u30142?\u30149?\u26434?\u24535?, Chinese Journal of Nervous and Mental Diseases], V37, P607\par }
{\f1\fs22      Maddox BB, 2017, AUTISM, V21, P412, DOI 10.1177/1362361316644731\par }
{\f1\fs22      Maor R, 2020, J AGGRESS MALTREAT T, V29, P1092, DOI 10.1080/10926771.2019.1710639\par }
{\f1\fs22      Mathes BM, 2020, J AFFECT DISORDERS, V277, P322, DOI 10.1016/j.jad.2020.08.029\par }
{\f1\fs22      Motti-Stefanidi F, 2020, INT J BEHAV DEV, V44, P393, DOI 10.1177/0165025419894721\par }
{\f1\fs22      Nyberg J, 2020, BRIT J PSYCHIAT, V217, P370, DOI 10.1192/bjp.2019.243\par }
{\f1\fs22      Rice DB, 2020, BUS ETHICS, V29, P856, DOI 10.1111/beer.12285\par }
{\f1\fs22      Rodriguez TP, 2018, PRAX KINDERPSYCHOL K, V67, P657, DOI 10.13109/prkk.2018.67.7.657\par }
{\f1\fs22      Sadiq S, 2021, FUTURE GENER COMP SY, V114, P120, DOI 10.1016/j.future.2020.07.050\par }
{\f1\fs22      Selby EA, 2015, CLIN PSYCHOL REV, V38, P79, DOI 10.1016/j.cpr.2015.03.003\par }
{\f1\fs22      Sharif S, 2020, WORLD NEUROSURG, V140, pE401, DOI 10.1016/j.wneu.2020.06.007\par }
{\f1\fs22      Smith BW, 2008, INT J BEHAV MED, V15, P194, DOI 10.1080/10705500802222972\par }
{\f1\fs22      Strotmann Harald., 2019, INT J CORPORATE SOCI, V4, P1, DOI [10.1186/s40991-019-0040-0, DOI 10.1186/S40991-019-0040-0]\par }
{\f1\fs22      Wahid SS, 2020, BMJ OPEN, V10, DOI 10.1136/bmjopen-2019-034335\par }
{\f1\fs22      Yuhui W., 2018, CHIN J SCH HLTH, V39, P170, DOI DOI 10.16835/J.CNKI.1000-9817.2018.02.005\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zhang, Ling Chen, Meiai Yao, Benxian Zhang, Ying\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humanities and Social Sciences Research Project of the Ministry of Education of China: The University Students' Psychology Mechanism in Acceptance of Ideological and Political Education [20YJC710086]\par }
{\f1\fs22 This study was supported by the Humanities and Social Sciences Research Project of the Ministry of Education of China: The University Students' Psychology Mechanism in Acceptance of Ideological and Political Education (No. 20YJC710086).\par }
{\f1\fs22 0\par }
{\f1\fs22 11\par }
{\f1\fs22 18\par }
{\f1\fs22 Iranian scientific society medical entomology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Tehran\par }
{\f1\fs22 2251-6093\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U <Go to ISI>://WOS:000619785300008\par }
{\f1\fs22 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7956094/pdf/IJPH-50-288.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://1990968764/Zhang-2021-Aggression and Non-Suicidal Self-In.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ [Zhang, Ling; Zhang, Ying] Shaoxing Univ, Ctr Mental Hlth, Shaoxing, Peoples R China. [Chen, Meiai] Zhejiang A&F Univ, Sch Tourism & Hlth, Hangzhou, Peoples R China. [Yao, Benxian] Hefei Normal Univ, Coll Teacher Educ, Hefei, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zhang, L (corresponding author), Shaoxing Univ, Ctr Mental Hlth, Shaoxing, Peoples R China.\par }
{\f1\fs22 zhangling@usx.edu.cn\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G English\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Zuromski, K. L.\line %A Bernecker, S. L.\line %A Chu, C.\line %A Wilks, C. R.\line %A Gutierrez, P. M.\line %A Joiner, T. E.\line %A Liu, H.\line %A Naifeh, J. A.\line %A Nock, M. K.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Zaslavsky, A. M.\line %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2020\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Pre-deployment predictors of suicide attempt during and after combat deployment: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B J Psychiatr Res\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 121\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P 214-221\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20191207\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Feb\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Pre-deployment predictors of suicide attempt during and after combat deployment: Results from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 0022-3956 (Print)\par }
{\f1\fs22 0022-3956\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1016/j.jpsychires.2019.12.003\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC6953717\par }
{\f1\fs22 %$ NIHMS1547211\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 31865211\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Age Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Brain Injuries, Traumatic/*epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Health Surveys\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Marital Status/statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Mental Disorders/*epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Models, Statistical\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prognosis\par }
{\f1\fs22 Resilience, Psychological\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Risk Assessment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sex Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 United States/epidemiology\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Deployment\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military personnel\par }
{\f1\fs22 Predictive modeling\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X BACKGROUND: Deployment-related experiences might be risk factors for soldier suicides, in which case identification of vulnerable soldiers before deployment could inform preventive efforts. We investigated this possibility by using pre-deployment survey and administrative data in a sample of US Army soldiers to develop a risk model for suicide attempt (SA) during and shortly after deployment. METHODS: Data came from the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers Pre-Post Deployment Survey (PPDS). Soldiers completed a baseline survey shortly before deploying to Afghanistan in 2011-2012. Survey measures were used to predict SAs, defined using administrative and subsequent survey data, through 30 months after deployment. Models were built using penalized regression and ensemble machine learning methods. RESULTS: Significant pre-deployment risk factors were history of traumatic brain injury, 9\u160?+\u160?mental health treatment visits in the 12 months before deployment, young age, female, previously married, and low relationship quality. Cross-validated AUC of the best penalized and ensemble models were .75-.77. 21.3-40.4% of SAs occurred among the 5-10% of soldiers with highest predicted risk and positive predictive value (PPV) among these high-risk soldiers was 4.4-5.7%. CONCLUSIONS: SA can be predicted significantly from pre-deployment data, but intervention planning needs to take PPV into consideration.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 1879-1379\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zuromski, Kelly L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bernecker, Samantha L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Chu, Carol\par }
{\f1\fs22 Wilks, Chelsey R\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gutierrez, Peter M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Joiner, Thomas E\par }
{\f1\fs22 Liu, Howard\par }
{\f1\fs22 Naifeh, James A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nock, Matthew K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zaslavsky, Alan M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Site Principal Investigators\par }
{\f1\fs22 Army liaison/consultant\par }
{\f1\fs22 Other team members\par }
{\f1\fs22 U01 MH087981/MH/NIMH NIH HHS/United States\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, N.I.H., Extramural\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/12/23\par }
{\f1\fs22 J Psychiatr Res. 2020 Feb;121:214-221. doi: 10.1016/j.jpsychires.2019.12.003. Epub 2019 Dec 7.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6953717/pdf/nihms-1547211.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://2041571665/Zuromski-2020-Pre-deployment predictors of sui.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Psychology, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA, USA; Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, University of Colorado School of Medicine, Aurora, CO, USA; Rocky Mountain Mental Illness Research, Education, and Clinical Center, Rocky Mountain Regional Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Aurora, CO, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Florida State University, Tallahassee, FL, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Department of Psychiatry, Uniformed Services University School of Medicine, Bethesda, MD, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA; Department of Family Medicine and Public Health, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. Electronic address: kessler@hcp.med.harvard.edu.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }
{\f1\fs22 %0 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 %A Zuromski, K. L.\line %A Bernecker, S. L.\line %A Gutierrez, P. M.\line %A Joiner, T. E.\line %A King, A. J.\line %A Liu, H.\line %A Naifeh, J. A.\line %A Nock, M. K.\line %A Sampson, N. A.\line %A Zaslavsky, A. M.\line %A Stein, M. B.\line %A Ursano, R. J.\line %A Kessler, R. C.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %D 2019\par }
{\f1\fs22 %T Assessment of a Risk Index for Suicide Attempts Among US Army Soldiers With Suicide Ideation: Analysis of Data From the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %B JAMA Netw Open\par }
{\f1\fs22 %V 2\par }
{\f1\fs22 %N 3\par }
{\f1\fs22 %P e190766\par }
{\f1\fs22 %7 20190301\par }
{\f1\fs22 %8 Mar 1\par }
{\f1\fs22 %! Assessment of a Risk Index for Suicide Attempts Among US Army Soldiers With Suicide Ideation: Analysis of Data From the Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS)\par }
{\f1\fs22 %@ 2574-3805\par }
{\f1\fs22 %R 10.1001/jamanetworkopen.2019.0766\par }
{\f1\fs22 %1 Conflict of Interest Disclosures: Dr Zuromski reported grants from the Military Suicide Research Consortium during the conduct of the study. Dr Bernecker reported grants from the Military Suicide Research Consortium during the conduct of the study. Dr Gutierrez reported grants from the US Department of Defense (DoD) during the conduct of the study. Dr Joiner reported grants from Florida State University during the conduct of the study. Dr Liu reported grants from the US Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), the DoD, and the Military Suicide Research Consortium during the conduct of the study. Dr Naifeh reported grants from the HHS and DoD during the conduct of the study. Dr Nock reported grants from the HHS, DoD, and Military Suicide Research Consortium during the conduct of the study. Dr Zaslavsky reported grants from HHS, the DoD, and the Military Suicide Research Consortium during the conduct of the study. Dr Stein reported grants from National Institute of Mental Health, the DoD, and the Military Suicide Research Consortium during the conduct of the study and serving as a consultant for Actelion, Dart Neuroscience, Healthcare Management Technologies, Janssen, Oxeia Biopharmaceuticals, Pfizer, Resilience Therapeutics, and Tonix Pharmaceuticals outside the submitted work. Dr Kessler reported grants from the HHS, the DoD, and the Military Suicide Research Consortium during the conduct of the study and reported receiving support for his epidemiological studies from Sanofi Aventis; serving as a consultant for Johnson & Johnson Wellness and Prevention, Sage, Shire, and Takeda; and serving on an advisory board for the Johnson & Johnson Services Inc Lake Nona Life Project outside the submitted work. Dr Kessler is a co-owner of DataStat, Inc, a market research firm that carries out health care research. No other disclosures were reported.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %2 PMC6484656\par }
{\f1\fs22 %M 30874786\par }
{\f1\fs22 %K Adolescent\par }
{\f1\fs22 Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 Female\par }
{\f1\fs22 Humans\par }
{\f1\fs22 Male\par }
{\f1\fs22 Middle Aged\par }
{\f1\fs22 Military Personnel/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Prospective Studies\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Assessment/*methods\par }
{\f1\fs22 Risk Factors\par }
{\f1\fs22 Self Report\par }
{\f1\fs22 *Suicidal Ideation\par }
{\f1\fs22 Suicide, Attempted/prevention & control/*statistics & numerical data\par }
{\f1\fs22 Surveys and Questionnaires\par }
{\f1\fs22 Young Adult\par }
{\f1\fs22 %X IMPORTANCE: The Department of Veterans Affairs recently began requiring annual suicide ideation (SI) screening of all patients and additional structured questions for patients reporting SI. Related changes are under consideration at the Department of Defense. These changes will presumably lead to higher SI detection, which will require hiring additional clinical staff and/or developing a clinical decision support system to focus in-depth suicide risk assessments on patients considered high risk. OBJECTIVE: To carry out a proof-of-concept study for whether a brief structured question battery from a survey of US Army soldiers can help target in-depth suicide risk assessments by identifying soldiers with self-reported lifetime SI who are at highest risk of subsequent administratively recorded nonfatal suicide attempts (SAs). DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Cohort study with prospective observational design. Data were collected from May 2011 to February 2013. Participants were followed up through December 2014. Analyses were conducted from March to November 2018. A logistic regression model was used to assess risk for subsequent administratively recorded nonfatal SAs. A total of 3649 Regular Army soldiers in 3 Army Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers (Army STARRS) surveys who reported lifetime SI were followed up for 18 to 45 months from baseline to assess administratively reported nonfatal SAs. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Outcome was administratively recorded nonfatal SAs between survey response and December 2014. Predictors were survey variables. RESULTS: The 3649 survey respondents were 80.5% male and had a median (interquartile range) age of 29 (25-36) years (range, 18-55 years); 69.4% were white non-Hispanic, 14.6% were black, 9.0% were Hispanic, 7.0% were another racial/ethnic group. Sixty-five respondents had administratively recorded nonfatal SAs between survey response and December 2014. One additional respondent died by suicide without making a nonfatal SA but was excluded from analysis based on previous evidence that predictors are different for suicide death and nonfatal SAs. Significant risk factors were SI recency (odds ratio [OR], 7.2; 95% CI, 2.9-18.0) and persistence (OR, 2.6; 95% CI, 1.0-6.8), positive screens for mental disorders (OR, 26.2; 95% CI, 6.1-112.0), and Army career characteristics (OR for junior enlisted rank, 30.0; 95% CI, 3.3-272.5 and OR for senior enlisted rank, 6.7; 95% CI, 0.8-54.9). Cross-validated area under the curve was 0.78. The 10% of respondents with highest estimated risk accounted for 39.2% of subsequent SAs. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Results suggest the feasibility of developing a clinically useful risk index for SA among soldiers with SI using a small number of self-report questions. If implemented, a continuous quality improvement approach should be taken to refine the structured question series.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %Z 2574-3805\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zuromski, Kelly L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Bernecker, Samantha L\par }
{\f1\fs22 Gutierrez, Peter M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Joiner, Thomas E\par }
{\f1\fs22 King, Andrew J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Liu, Howard\par }
{\f1\fs22 Naifeh, James A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Nock, Matthew K\par }
{\f1\fs22 Sampson, Nancy A\par }
{\f1\fs22 Zaslavsky, Alan M\par }
{\f1\fs22 Stein, Murray B\par }
{\f1\fs22 Ursano, Robert J\par }
{\f1\fs22 Kessler, Ronald C\par }
{\f1\fs22 Journal Article\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, Non-P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Research Support, U.S. Gov't, P.H.S.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2019/03/16\par }
{\f1\fs22 JAMA Netw Open. 2019 Mar 1;2(3):e190766. doi: 10.1001/jamanetworkopen.2019.0766.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %U https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamanetworkopen/articlepdf/2728008/zuromski_2019_oi_190047.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %> internal-pdf://3363682038/Zuromski-2019-Assessment of a Risk Index for S.pdf\par }
{\f1\fs22 %+ Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, University of Colorado School of Medicine, Aurora.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Rocky Mountain Mental Illness Research, Education, and Clinical Center, Rocky Mountain Regional Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Aurora, Colorado.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychology, Florida State University, Tallahassee.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress, Department of Psychiatry, Uniformed Services University School of Medicine, Bethesda, Maryland.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Psychiatry, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla.\par }
{\f1\fs22 Department of Family Medicine and Public Health, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla.\par }
{\f1\fs22 %W NLM\par }
{\f1\fs22 %G eng\par }
{\f1\fs22 \par }}